Yoyo is decently fast, hits hard enough, and has great range.  Yoyo's only main drawback is that you can easily commit yourself to a move and have the boss hit you before you can dodge.  It's also important to remember that yoyo's up/down throws are faster than its standard throw, so I try to use this instead if it will hit.

Boss:            Difficulty:  Desciption:
Minibosses:  3/10    -    By using yoyo's attack right next to the mini-bosses, it will hit twice.  This can also be dangerous, but I know how many times I can hit them in safety.

Lololo/Lalala:  2/10 - Yoyo's grab attack doesn't really work here; it usually hit a wall or you get hit in the process.  Yoyo can hit through the floor, though, so it's easy to get 4-5 hits each time they go across when both are alive.

Kracko:  2/10 - Shielding the Waddle Doo into place to hit Kracko with the grab move is just as fast as simply hitting Kracko, but I do it anyways because it looks cooler.  I also have fun walking under one of his last attacks.

Kracko Jr:  3/10 - If you attack at the wrong time, there's a possibility he'll ram you.  Luckily, you can hit him without jumping, which makes the battle much easier.  This battle was quite slow though.

Whispy:  2/10 - No guide required.  This battle was full of bad timing.

Dedede:   2/10 - Very easy.  He gives stars quite often, but I don't always use them here.

Wham Bam Jewel:  2/10 - Using the stars from the spinny attack does slightly more damage than an average hit, so I use it where I can.  The set pattern makes this easy.

Galacta Knight:  4/10 - Yoyo's attack takes too long, so you don't have time to use it a lot in between attacks.  However, Yoyo hits for good damage, so Galacta Knight drops fast enough.

Marx Soul:  3/10 - He is easy to hit, you can hit him fast, and for good damage, too.  He even went to the perfect spot to throw his cutter blades here, so I killed him extra quickly.  Yoyo also has an invincible dash attack, in case you need it for the move where Marx comes out of the ground.