Suplex is a powerful ability, at least in certain situations.  If you can quickly stomp the boss during long animations, it will cause the boss to lag substantially (Marx Soul for one) and you can do massive damage during this extended period of time.  Suplex's throws are nothing to sneeze at either, sometimes being able to hit twice as well.  The biggest mistake you can make with Suplex is assuming that the stomp attack is not worth bothering about.  It usually is.

Boss:  Difficulty:  Description:
Kracko:  3/10 - The only dangers here are stomping too early at the beginning of the battle, and getting hit right after the entrance animation, or stomping one too many times after he sweeps across the stage and not being able to fly above him in time.

Whispy:  2/10 - Stomping too low can result in him breathing right in your face, and stomping too high means he can spawn apples on you.  However, its easy to avoid either.

Lololo/Lalala:  1/10 - They spawn nice easy blocks for you to throw at them.  How easy can it get?  They were actually somewhat annoying this time around, though.

Mini-Bosses:  3/10 - Stomping on them during their entrance saves time slightly.  Using the down throw with the fire lion's stars usually hits twice.  It also helps to stay near the side of them when stomping;  they are less likely to hit you when you jump.

Kracko Jr:  3/10 - He has a lot of moves.  I generally know the best way to do damage, but it hardly mattered here, as he did the stupidest thing he could have possibly done.  Just don't fly up the center of the screen to stomp on him, as he can suddenly move across that area.

Dedede:  3/10 - This battle was a series of wins and fails.  I failed many easy strategies to avoid difficult situations, but then succeeded in difficult manoevers to escape them.  Yet again, the boss decided to do the dumbest move possible (the triple jump) loads, so it was an easy fight.

Wham Bam Jewel:  5/10 - It's difficult to pull off  the double stomp on Wham Bam Jewel, and she drops few things to throw at her (especially on this attempt, as the rocks landed in places where it would be risky to grab one).

Galacta Knight:  5/10 - One year ago, this battle would have been 10/10.  I had trouble defeating him with Suplex, even starting the battle at full health. But after discovering the ducking trick, I had the time to find openings, and places where I couldn't stomp.  I also figured out not to stomp twice after his stab, as if you're directly on top of him he'll immediately spam an attack, which will connect.  His minions, often the most dangerous portion of the fight, are literally a throwaway here.  In addition, after his muti-stab attack, he'll release a star which you can grab straight through him, which is very handy.

Marx Soul:  2/10 - He did everything right, but it didn't matter because he sucks anyways.  The only thing that can go wrong is a mistake on my part.  He either creates easy to throw items, or give a long time to stomp on him (sometimes both).