Ice is easily the hardest ability so far IMO, as its strongest attack (excluding the grab) is a suicidal dash, and you either have to get in place to hit the boss before it comes or it has to move out of the way as you are using to use it very effectively.  Often this means that I use the more manouverable, almost as powerful, and able the grant temporary invincibily aerial attacks instead.  The plain ice spitting move is a mistake everywhere except when fighting the clock, as it is incredibly weak.

Boss:  Difficulty:  Description:

Mini-bosses:  4/10 - Defeating these guys in a respectable time requires knowing their pattern and not trying to hit them for too long.  I make a mistake and get thrown by Phanpy, but I didn't hit the wall, so I took no damage.  Using the barfing grab at the fire lion can destroy its body quite nicely.

Lololo/Lalala:  2/10 - Easy as pie when you can just spit their blocks at them.  A weird thing happened at the end when I should clearly have been hitting Lololo but because my attack hit the spike it did nothing.

Whispy:  2/10 - Boringtastic.

Kracko:  2/10 - Dashing and using the dash attack again seems to hit a little higher than just sitting there holding the button.  With some free Waddle Doos to freeze this doesn't take very long.

Kracko Jr:  3/10 - Placing yourself more effectively than I did here should result in a fairly easy KO.

Dedede:  2/10 - He's tall enough for ice to hit him easily.  I pull some skills at the end by moving the screen left in order to hit him with a barfed icicle (which would stop at the edge of the screen otherwise).

Wham Bam Jewel:  2/10 - Gives easy openings, and I can pull off a decent hit with ice.  That bomb dropping move is just golden.

Galacta Knight:  3/10 - Took me out three times due to stupid mistakes.  I kept going to dash attack him before his tornado move, and he kept slashing me there.

Marx Soul:  2/10 - Neither his move where he comes out of the ground nor his paintball attack can touch ice.  If he appears close to the ground you can pull off a lot of damage very quickly, so he goes down very fast.