I know a lot of people like Cutter, but I am certainly not one of them.  Cutter's strongest move requires a long wind up right in front of an enemy, and its other moves are fairly weak.  It's fast, yes, but that doesn't get it a lot of points when the bosses can't be hit that quickly.  Cutter's down B in the air is strong enough, but awkward and virtually useless against ground bosses.  If you hold the B button after throwing a blade in the air, you will hold out a cutter blade which will do significantly more damage.  However, it is likely you just hit the boss with a cruddy thrown one first, so it is unlikely this is useful.  Cutter's dash attack has the advantage that you can hold the guard button as you come out of the move, and even if you are right on top of the boss, you'll block the hit.  However, this is still weak.  At least with such a large selection of mediocre moves, cutter always has a somewhat less mediocre move for every occassion.

Boss:  Difficulty:  Description:

Whispy:  2/10 - No wonder over-logging is such an issue if trees are this easy to cut down.

Kracko:  3/10 - Using the extended cutter blade in the air trick is the safest way to open on him, dashing is useful when he goes across the screen, and the diving attack is best for the majority of the battle.  Combo attacking the Waddle doo to hit him is not all that effective and you have to waste time avoiding the thunder attack.

Mini-Bosses:  3/10 - There's not a whole lot to remember here.  Combo cutting is quite effective against Phanpy and the clock, dashing destroys the wheel, and carefully jump attacking the fire lion is the best way to go.

Kracko Jr:  3/10 - Yikes this came close.  If this was the fifth or sixth boss I would have been more careful, but being the first, I could just restart.  I even broke my rule of not jumping in the middle of the screen, so if he had gone across the screen at the wrong time, I would have died.  There's no perfect strategy for this guy, but cutter is well suited to taking him down.

Lololo/Lalala:  2/10 - Dashing into them is not dangerous at all, and diving is easy with the stage.

Dedede:  2/10 - Cutter combo may be faster here, but this isn't too bad.  Whacking stuns him easily, but I still had a close call (I never meant to dash him when he was about to hammer spin).

Wham Bam Jewel:  4/10 - Cutter does poorly here.  If she trolls and I'm not given time to attack, it gets to the parts of the pattern that I don't know as well and that could be worrysome.  Luckily, she did the bomb dropping move here.

Galacta Knight:  3/10 - He gives large openings during his laser move to deal good damage, he can be cutter comboed easily, and his minions fall to an easy cutter combo.

Marx Soul:  5/10 - Cutter is very slow here.  It doesn't help though, that towards the end he kept appearing towards the top where I couldn't really hit him.  I'm not safe from his paintball move, and I almost got hit.  This is a war of attrition, and one mistake can easily do me in.  I make absolutely sure I'm on the ground guarding when he teleports, so that he doesn't appear on me.  This is why I fail to take some opputunities to attack.