I find fire to be an awkward ability, but when its bonfire move can kick in it really shines.  Unlike Wing, Fire owns the last two bosses, so a late death was unlikely rather than virtually inevitable.  One important trick with Fire is that you can jump right when you use the dash fireball to go upwards while using it.  This is extra useful because when this fireball ends on the ground, Kirby will stop for a moment.  However, in the air, he won't stop unless he hits a wall, so you can hit the boss again or dodge more quickly.

Whispy: 1-10 - Only you can prevent forest fires.

Mini-Bosses: 2-10 - I guess when fighting the wheelie I'm truly burning rubber.

Kracko Jr: 4-10 - This guy is a pain because Fire has no way of hitting him too easily (though in the video I should have used the dash attack more).  The bonfire would murder him, but I can't set that up safely.

Kracko: 2-10 - Bonfire in the right place, and I'm good to go.  He probably can't hit me as he goes across the screen for the second time if I'm sitting there.

Lololo-Lalala: 3-10 - This is a long fight, as fire sucks at killing them quickly, but once you get the hang of it, it's not actually difficult.

Dedede: 3-10 - Flaming back and forth is fairly effective, but if he does the wrong thing you might crash into him.

Wham Bam Jewel: 4-10 - If you get too close to the side of the stage at the wrong time, Wham Bam Jewel has a tendancy to appear right on your face.  It's tricky to avoid this with fire though, because you dash much further than you want to.  Timing your dashes is appropriate.

Galacta Knight: 3-10 - Bonfire at the start and when he first calls his minions for good damage.  After he does that, dash attacking him is actually quite safe (the long distance you get from it may have been harmful against Wham Bam Jewel, but it's helpful here).

Marx Soul: 2-10 - Neither of his unpredictable attacks are dangerous to Fire, and he leaves many predictable oppurtunities to bonfire him (I just got lucky at the beginning, though).  If you blow fire at him, he'll lag and you can hit him for a surprisingly long time, which is actually faster and easier than using a stronger attack.