This one was a long time in the making.  It's not that wing is necessarily all that weak, it's that it's increibly awkward and I can't really afford to take risks.  All of wing's moves are useful in some way (except one I'll get to later), but all have serious drawbacks.  Ground bosses are made mincemeat of, but aerial bosses are often quite difficult.  Wing's most serious drawbacks are that you can't dive bomb then revert to guarding quickly, as you'll have to bounce or flap once first, meaning that you have to leave some time after attacking (or not attack, in some cases).  In addition, when attacking bosses in the air, if you flap too close to them, you'll hit them for minor damage, which is incredibly annoying because you'll be stalled for a moment, generally meaning that you'll crash into the boss.  Finally, wing has an achilles heel of bosses towards the end rather than bosses at the beginning, as Marx Soul and Galacta Knight give many small openings which wing cannot take advantage of well, as opposed to large openings where you can deal decent damage.

Boss:  Difficulty:  Description:

Kracko Jr:  4/10 - It may not seem safe to dive bomb him like this, as he moves quickly, but there is a safe area at the top of the screen which is much faster to get to than to try guarding at the bottom.  Some movements give predictable, easy to hit patterns, and some leave large amounts of time afterwards where you are safe attacking, so the damage is done quickly enough.

Mini-bosses: 2/10 - As I said, wing tears these ground bosses apart.  Enough said.

Whispy: 2/10 - Only dive three or four times in a row, or he might blow at you.

Kracko: 5/10 - For such a predictable boss, he is incredibly difficult here.  Kind of makes up for him sucking every other time.  Those Waddle Doos can actually waddle into you if you don't kill them quickly, the lightning is sometimes hard to jump through sometimes, and you'll often hit him with the wimpy wing attack.

Lololo/Lalala: 2/10 - One thing to note; start throwing the block when you are under a low ceiling, as otherwise you'll probably just fly over their head.  Second, if you throw the block towards the center of the stage, and the second guy is on the floor above, not only will you hit twice but it may lag you enough to hit the first one a second time.

Dedede: 2/10 - Ground boss.

Wham Bam Jewel: 3/10 - When she drops rocks, I'd be at one side and jump headbutt rocks that bounce near you (or jump over ones that land near you).  Wing is not awkward at all here.

Galacta knight: 6/10 - Suplex may have seemed slow, but when you could go to town you could really go to town.  Wing only gives semi-useful openings, which leads to a long fight.  You have no idea how much I feel the urge to stop ducking when he uses that multi-slash thing over my head.  As for his minions, the ones with the pitchfork and the axe are easily defeated by dive bombing in the center of the stage, but the ball and chain guys are best defeated by using feathers to knock them to low HP, then finish them off with a dash.  I didn't actually finish them off here, but I got really lucky instead.  And as for those freaking head things...don't ask me.  I never figured out a reliable way to defeat them.

Marx Soul: 7/10 - Paintball move which is impossible to reliably avoid?  Check.  Ridiculously long health bar?  Check.  Nerves and threat of doing the whole thing over?  Check.  Tendancy to have my cruddy wing attack kill me?  Check.  Teleporting in your face if you're not on the ground forcing you to waste time hitting with weak feather because it's unsafe to do anything else?  Also check.  This battle is almost undoubtably the most difficult of the series.