For such a simple ability, wheel sure takes a lot of planning to be good with.  And I'm not talking about planning before you play; I mean that you often need to plan your movements as you're playing to get decent results.  Wheel does pack a punch but is often quite awkward to use.  Aerial bosses need many stops and starts, wheras ground bosses cannot go too close to the edge or it will be quite difficult to hit them.

Boss: Difficulty: Descirption:

Whispy: 3/10 - There's often no good way to get rid of the apples, and you really can't attack safely with them around.  Jumping into them is actually handy here.

Lololo/Lalala: 4/10 - Wheel is awful at hitting these guys unless they appear on the bottom row.  However, I got extremely lucky here, as they appeared on the bottom row virtually every time, and I still managed three hits the one time Lalala didn't because of a lucky break.
It's important to know when you will crash and how this can affect you at that time.

Mini-Bosses: 3/10 - I spend time luring them to the center in order to kill them faster and easier than I would otherwise.  I give the Fire Lion a wide berth because he has a tendancy to jump around a lot.

Kracko: 2/10 - Even when he doesn't hit the ground moving across the screen, you can still hit him twice if your timing is good.  Also avoid being too close when you start moving or you might do minimal damage.

Kracko Jr: 2/10 - Wheel is nicely set up to beat this guy, and can sometimes hit twice in one go if he moves the same direction.  Unlike Kracko, it is often beneficial to start moving close to him as you might hit twice.

Dedede: 2/10 - Darnit, I wanted to kill this guy without stopping at all, but he got too close to the wall with his hammer so it would have been risky.

Wham Bam Jewel: 3/10 - This fight takes a while, so there is ample oppurtunity to mess up.  This strategy isn't hard to do, though.

Galacta Knight: 3/10 - He may put you in a situation where you will be hit if you try to turn, and if this happens, deliberately hitting the wall might save you.  However, he is pretty easy otherwise.

Galacta Knight's Minions: 5/10 - These guys are harder than the rest of the boss fight!  With the axe guys, you can just wait until the far one comes away from the wall and then attack.  With the ball and chain guys, you can sit up against the wall and guard until they're in a bunch, and then smack them.  The other enemies are more luck reliant however.

Marx Soul: 4/10 - This battle is quite luck-reliant, thanks to his paintball move, which wheel has no perfect dodge for.  I tried moving slowly while going across the screen so I have to turn less, but you can get hit when you are moving slowly anyways (However, you can buy yourself a moment if you need it by crashing into the wall).  Because of this, it is important to kill the boss as fast as possible.  It's best when he appears near the ground near the beginning of the battle, as otherwise it gets hairy.