I took some of the battles in this video relatively slowly, but Stone is still powerful, so this isn't too bad.  What makes Stone hard is that you can often hit most bosses from the side rather than flying all the way above them, but one slight mistake in placement will get you hit.  One other thing to note is that you don't need to hit the ground before coming out of your stone-coming out in the air can save much time, especially against the mini-bosses.

Boss:  Difficulty:  Description:
Kracko Jr:  3/10 - You have to jump further than you'd think is save to hit him from the side.  Fortunately, he only takes four hits.  Here I get lucky; his attacks put him in easy places to hit.

Mini-Bosses: 3/10 - Here's where coming out of the stone in the air is really handy.  They go down very quickly, but if you miss a hit on the clock, or if the wheel doesn't jump, you can't just keep hitting them without taking a hit.

Kracko: 2/10 - I discovered something new about Kracko while making this video: you can jump through his electricity with the proper timing!  I use this to great effect right away.

Lololo/Lalala: 2/10 - At some point during this fight, I randomly just run after one of them when I could have hit the other quite easily.  I have absolutely no clue what prompted me to do that.  By dashing while you go rock, you can hit them from the side, which is useful here.

Whispy:  1/10 - The more you think about this fight, the less it makes sense.

King Dedede:  3/10 - It's only 3/10 because I wimped out and took him lamely and slowly.  I should have gone much faster here, even if it was more difficult.  At least I wasn't backed up against a wall or anything.

Wham Bam Jewel: 2/10 - Because she gets out of my way after every attack, and leaves ample room to attack, this battle is a piece of cake.

Galacta Knight:  4/10 - Take care not to use the stone move on top of him.  If you're directly underneath him, he'll unleash a fury of quick attacks and won't move for the next half hour.  The ball and chain guys are annoying.  I'm not sure how to go about defeating them safely.

Marx Soul: 4/10 - I went rather slowly here too, but that was mostly because I made mistakes with my attacks (Marx Soul is tricky to hit with Stone, and I tried to err on the side of safety).  Ironically, the most dangerous thing Marx Soul could do was teleport, as lining up to hit him again is dangerous, but all of his real attacks give you a ridiculous amount of time to prepare and go rock.