If I were to draw a line between the easy and hard abilities, it would probably be right before mirror.  Mirror's strongest attack is an ordinary whack from the wand, not the mirror attack that happens afterwards, or the dash attack, so I use this most of the time.

Lololo/Lalala:  4/10 - This battle is quite long, and because it's hard to play with the camera in front of me, I have trouble doing all the back and forth manoevers that I normally would playing without recording.  If you use the dash attack with both left standing, you should use it as far away as possible so you can guard before they hit you.  If there is only one, use it as close as possible so that they run over you while you're invincible.  You can also hit them straight through the platform if you jump as high as you can (which is a very small distance) and swing with good timing.

Kracko:  3/10 - Not too hard.  Jumping through his lightning bolts really helps.  If he is at low health, and flies accross the stage in an erratic pattern, be careful not to try to dash attack through him-if you're not in the right place, he'll swing back and nick you.

Kracko Jr:  3/10 - You have to get close to him to hit hard, so he can hit you rather easily.  The easiest time to attack is actually during his attacks, as you'll know what he'll do next.

Mini-bosses:  4/10 - You have to be very close to pull off a double hit with the dash attack.  It also doesn't work every time, so you have to alternate with normal swings to pull off the most damage.  I opt to play the fire lion safely so that he doesn't grab me, but this is a large time waster-it wastes probably around ten seconds over my speedrun times; hope you don't mind.  The wheel fight was just stupidity on my part, but the Phanpy fight made up for it.

Whispy:  2/10 - Piece of cake.  Dash attack helps with the apples, and it doesn't lose much time.

Dedede:  2/10 - This fight isn't hard.  If he does his hammer whack, run away and dash attack.  If he does his hammer spin, hit him as much as possible (it's easier to slip an extra one in if you jump before doing it) and get away.  Otherwise, just whack him.

Wham Bam Jewel:  2/10 - Staying on the side of her hand without the fingers makes it easier not to get hit.  Using the ordinary strike instead of the dash attack saves a lot of time on this battle.

Galacta Knight:  3/10 - No harder than usual.  Mirror takes out his minions with ease, and its attack is well suited to this fight.  Using the mirror guard would have been easier than the ducking strategy, but I'm so used to the ducking now that I forgot.

Marx Soul:  3/10 - I really didn't have much luck in this battle.  He very often spawned in places where it was inconvienient or dangerous, making this battle about twenty seconds longer than my normal speedrun time.  Luckily, his normally dangerous attacks are easy to avoid here.