I picked ninja for my second ability because it has power that can even rival Hammer against some enemies.  The downside?  Ninja really only has two good attacks with relatively short range.  The kick move is just plain weaker than normal B, but occasionally useful when nothing else hits.  Same with the darts.  Hide guard is pointless as it involves me getting hurt, and wall cling doesn't do damage or help me evade (though it's fun).  Ninja's dash attack doesn't make it invincible, meaning you'll get hurt if you use it.  And it's STILL weaker!  Its grab move can be handy though.

Boss                       Difficulty     Description
LoLoLo/LaLaLa:  1/10 - More consistant to take down than with some other abilities.  Hitting these guys with their blocks does good damage and doesn't get you hurt.

Minibosses:  1/10 - Still easy to take down without real attacks from anything except the wheel.

Kracko:  2/10 - Somewhat harder to hit with the second attack than with Kracko Jr.  His Waddle Doo comes consistantly though, allowing me to take out almost half his HP in one go.

Kracko Jr:  2/10 - By waiting until the last second to use my attack, I can land and use the second attack for massive damage.  Aomewhat easy to run into though.

Whispy:  2/10 - His apples can waste my time and are hard to grab effectively.  He proved especially annoying on this run.

DeDeDe:  4/10 - Where the short range is very dangerous.  I have to be cloes enough for him to hit me easily.  However, hitstun is my friend.  On his third jump, I can use a grab attack and hit him twice for good damage (or even three sometimes, like in the video).  This fight went very quickly.

Wham Bam Jewel:  3/10 - It's somewhat difficult to stay close enough to hit while staying far enough to not get hit when the hand unfolds.  You also have to be on the side farthest from the fingers (this alternates) or it will swerve into you before you can hit it a second time.  Grabbing the bombs can also get you hurt (though you can play it safe anyways and finish her with normal attacks).

Galacta Knight:  3/10 - He goes down quite quickly to ninja and gives plenty of oppurtunities to hit him.  His minions are destroyed by either of ninja's good moves (or even its dash attack).  I can use the same strategy for double hits that I used on Kracko Jr when he rises into the air.

Marx Soul:  4/10 - Really hard to hit with the second shot of ninja's attack sometimes.  It can also be tricky to tell how close you need to get to hit and when you shouldn't attack (when Marx Soul rises into the sky his hitbox expands and you can ge hurt where you couldn't before).  Thankfully he dies fairly quickly to ninja (like everything else). 

My cat:  6/10 - For causing more pain than any of the bosses in this video.