Fighter is a very straightforward ability. Kick, kick, kick. Fighter's dash attack provides temporary invincibility, but not long enough to be of any large worth. The light kick in the air provides a low time before you can hit the boss again, which can provide nice reults if the boss is in a good position. Fighter's grab move requires you to be very close to the object for it to work, only hits once, and is very slow, meaning it is generally a waste of time. One important thing to note is that moving forward eliminates some lag time from fighter's main kick on the ground, allowing you to kick faster and/or defend yourself. 

Boss:              Difficulty: Description: 
Mini-Bosses: 2/10    -    Because you can stand so far away from the bosses, there is no chance for them to surprise you. The faster kicking is of large benefit here. 

Whispy: 2/10 - For some reason I can't explain, Fighter is able to hit Whispy much faster than it should. Oh well. Works for me! 

Kracko: 1/10 - This is about as average as it gets. 

Kracko Jr: 3/10 - Because he can move across the screen so quickly, he can surprise you if you've already committed yourself to a jump. He goes down quick as always though. 

Lololo/Lalala: 1/10 - You don't even really need to get close to them. Even if you are in a tight spot, you can always dash attack through them. 

Dedede: 2/10 - Very similar to Lololo/Lalala. Stay away and attack. However, Dedede will probably come at you with his hammer raised, and you'll have to go towards him or he'll run you into the wall. If this happens, you can save yourself with a dash attack, but it is a tight squeeze. 

Wham Bam Jewel: 2/10 - One of the few fights where fighter's grab has potential. Other than that, you just have to walk for your life when she attacks. 

Galacta Knight: 4/10 - This would be easier, but you have to hold the left or right directional button to duck quickly, which I suck at remembering. I also lost once here because I used an uppercut on one of the ball and chain guys and the other's hit me out of the air. Oops. This is a somewhat long fight, and one slip up could cost you. 

Marx Soul: 3/10 - Marx really only gets points for his long health bar on this one. One important thing to note is that you can grab a vine (which is easy) and hold it through his paintball attack. This isn't much slower than attacking as much as possible but far safer, as Fighter has no other way to avoid the random paintballs.