Why did I choose Parasol next?  Because I had already done this before with Parasol.  By accident.  Probably because Parasol is a very simple ability which rarely requires risks to realize its full potential.  It has decent range, and is fairly fast (though somewhat lacking in power).  Here is the breakdown of the bosses.

Boss            Difficulty     Description
Minibosses:  4/10     -     Parasol is weaker than the abilities before, so these guys actually get to attack.  They can move rather quickly, too, so I have to be careful not to overstep myself or one (the wheel especially) can hurt me.  I actually got caught by Phanpy, but I kept Phanpy close to the left edge of the arena in case of this, so I wasn't harmed.

Kracko:  2/10 - Parasol's grab attack does decent damage here, but it only hits once, which is a shame.  His predictable pattern makes it easy to be constantly hitting him.  

Kracko Jr:  1/10 - He just dies so quickly.  One Waddle Doo in the right place and I can kill him in one shot.

LoLoLo/LaLaLa:  2/10 - Unfortunately, Parasol's grab move goes right over their heads, so unless one is on the floor above, it won't work.  I think Parasol's dive attack is slightly stronger than its regular strike, and this battle is one of the best oppurtunities to use it.

Whispy:  2/10 - Somehow, I can hit him more often than I think I should with Parasol's attack.  If I time the attacks right, I can hit apples on the backswing and I can just keep hitting him.

DeDeDe:  2/10 - He can't really surprise me with anything.  Parasol's grab can do nice damage if I use it right next to him, too.

Wham Bam Jewel:  3/10 - I could have dive attacked for more damage, like I tried to do once and failed.  This usually just wastes my time or hurts me though.  If she drops bombs, I can hit her with a grab attack, but otherwise its unlikely.  This battle was a bit of a mess, but I managed not to get hurt.

Galacta Knight:  2/10 - This is the first time I really utilize my main strategy for Galacta Knight.  As it turns out, just by ducking, you avoid the majority of his dangerous attacks (which cut through guard).  The only one which becomes difficult to dodge is the move where he sends a blue wave accross the screen.  Fortunately, he stabs his sword into the ground before he uses it, which gives enough warning to jump over the wave, slide into the wave and destroy it, or use a move for either effect.  I only attack when he gives me an opening to do so.  Just like a swordfight; always let your opponent attack first.  This is actually really easy with Parasol, thanks to its range.

Marx Soul:  3/10 - This battle takes a while, unless I can get lucky with a grab attack.  Which allows many oppurtunities for mess ups.  The paintball attack is very dangerous against abilities with no protection, as it cuts through guard, meaning I have to dodge it.  Fortunately, by ducking under my parasol, I don't think I can get hurt.  It has gotten pretty close though, so I wouldn't be surprised.