Sword is very similar to Parasol in capabilities. It hits better in the air but is slightly weaker than Parasol. One of the best things about sword is that you can slash in the air without hitting the boss, and hit it with the extended sword, resulting in very little time delay before your next hit. This has nice results against certain bosses like Galacta Knight and Wham Bam Jewel.

Boss:               Difficulty: Description: 
LoLoLo/LaLaLa: 2/10    -  Sword can hit these two easily and often, usually resulting in 3-5 hits each time they run accross the screen. I rarely have to put myself in danger to hit them. 

Kracko: 2/10 - I have to watch that he doesn't hit me when he flies accross the screen, but other than that, this is pretty straightfoward. 

Minibosses: 2/10 - I can hit them very quickly and far out of their range, so they are very unthreatening. 

Kracko Jr: 3/10 - Attacking him generally puts me directly in his line of fire (he can sweep accross to the other side of the screen, which is his most dangerous attack IMO). Sword can't even take his health down very quickly compared to other abilities. I just sneak in hits when he does an attack that requires a lot of movement or just after he slips to the opposite side of the stage. 

Whispy: 1/10 - I hope Greenpiece isn't angry at me for cutting down the forest... 

DeDeDe: 2/10 - I can hit this guy so quickly that he doesn't get many oppurtunities to attack. I can even hit past his hammer when he swings it downwards. 

Wham Bam Jewel: 3/10 - Hitting Wham Bam Jewel with my outstretched sword allows me three hits each time she comes down. However, it isn't too hard to get get hit back myself from that position. 

Galacta Knight: 2/10 - Virtually the same as Parasol. Letting him jump stab my sword allows me to get three easy hits here on occasion as well. 

Marx Soul: 4/10 - By constantly dash stabbing, I can gain invincibility when he is about to rise out of the ground, nullifying one of his most dangerous moves. I find using Sword's dash aerial mostly protects me from the paintballs, but I mess it up badly here, so it's really pure luck that I made it through. Sword is rather dangerous here as its attacks bump me up in the air a little, which means he could teleport into me or throw saws in my face if I'm not careful. Thankfully, I don't have to worry about boucing off the ground because I can downstab before I hit it, so I can guard faster.