Bomb is very easy to hit with, but it's only attacks don't do very much damage.  Only good timing and using the down-B move effectively can really make this go faster.  One thing I noticed is that when you hit with a bomb exactly when the boss can be hit by another bomb, or you hit a short distance away from the boss, the bomb will make no noise but do extra damage.  These "silent but deadly" bombs seem to occur quite frequently against the mini-bosses, especially the clock, because the shockwaves it makes when it rings blow up the bombs at exactly the right distance every time.

Boss:                Difficulty:  Description
Lololo/Lalala:  3/10    -     It is tricky to hit them sometimes, but dash attacks cn actually make a difference here.  You can also blow them up from the floor beneath by throwing a bomb into the ceiling.

Mini-bosses:  2/10 - Bomb destoys these guys because you can hit them so quickly.  You can also stand quite a distance away.

Whispy:  3/10 - Unfortunately, while it looks like the constantly exploding bomb can protect me from the apples, it can't.  There is a long time between hits, so this battle lasts long enough for him to be dangerous.

Kracko Jr:  2/10 - Easy to damage, easy not to be damaged.

Kracko:  2/10 - Slightly harder to damage, slighly easier not to be damaged.

Dedede:  3/10 - Almost exactly like Fighter, just longer.

Wham Bam Jewel:  2/10 - Timing and knowing her pattern is essential to defeating her quickly.  I did quite well here, only making two mistakes.

Galacta Knight:  4/10 - With bomb this battle is quite long.  Since Galacta Knight follows you, I don't even get a long range benefit.  Luckily, you can duck while holding a bomb (unlike guarding) so I could have gotten away with being a little less cautious.  

Marx Soul:  4/10 - Considering how weak bomb is, I'd normally expect this battle to be longer, but it's okay.  Bomb has a way to protect against the paintballs, so no worries there.  When Marx Soul comes up from the ground, I don't drop bombs over him to get my two cents worth in damage.  When Marx Soul is hit, he lags a little, giving me time to get free and clear of his dangerous attack.  The damage is just a bonus.