Out of all the easy startegies for beating the True Arena, nearly all of them usually involve one of three abilities: Hammer, Plasma or Stone. I already did it with Hammer, and Stone will be somewhat more difficult for me because I want to keep up a certain level of speed. Why did I put off Plasma though? Well first of all, I'm already a fairly lame button masher to begin with (I can't get better than 8:30 on Pokey Pummel in Mario Party 7, you can youtube search it if you don't know what it is). It gets even worse because I want to avoid shaking the DS in front of the camera. Even still, I didn't give Plasma enough credit; I beat it relatively slowly, but still very easily. 

Boss:    Difficulty:  Description: 

Kracko: 2/10    -    You don't even really need to get near him. Kracko Jr: 2/10 - Like Kracko, just less hits. 

Minibosses: 2/10 - From jamming one button to jamming another. This actually goes pretty fast even without charging.

 Lololo/Lalala: 1/10 - I don't see any danger in this fight. 

Whispy: 3/10 - It's hard to notice purple apples on a purple background on my camera screen. It's also not a good idea to charge fully here, because Whispy will only get hit by the wimpy Plasma guard and not the full blast, unless you walk away from him. 

Masked Dedede: 3/10 - Make sure not to get him too far off screen, or he could surprise you with a hammer spin. Also make sure not to run against a wall when he uses his dive move or his hammer whack, or you'll be trapped/hit. I can't charge fast enough to just stun him and avoid his attacks that way. 

Wham Bam Jewel: 2/10 - I can only hit her once each time she comes down, but for Wham Bam Jewel, that is okay damage. The falling rocks are no danger with Plasma Guard, so there isn't much to fear. 

Galacta Knight: 4/10 - Duck charging is somewhat slower than normal charging because I can't make use of the up or down buttons. In addition, sometimes I'll accidently let go of the down button and take a hit. Even worse, sometimes he'll float above a shot, which is not fun.

Marx Soul: 3/10 - The move where he comes out of the ground is annoying, because I have no way to dodge it. All I can do is run as close to the edges of the screen as possible to minimize the time spent crossing over. The rest of this fight is easy because I don't need to get near him and Plasma guard takes care of the Paintballs.