Beam is an ability which few people seem to use to its fullest extent; often people will spam the standard B attack even though there is usually something better to do.  One important thing to remember is that the aerial bosses can usually be hit by Beam's dash attack, and sometimes even the charge attack.  On the ground, it is almost always best to spam charge attacks.

Boss:   Difficulty:  Description

Kracko: 3/10    -    This is one battle where the dash attack makes a huge difference.  Unfortunately, I messed up and had to sit through an extra attack because of it (I couldn't just kill him with the second Waddle Doo like usual).

Lololo/Lalala: 2/10 - With Beam's grab attack dealing loads of damage, these guys usually do down in less than five passes.  Beam's standard B sometimes comes in handy here.

Whispy: 2/10 - Charge spam.  If you throw the apples to close to him, they bounce off just underneath his hitbox and do nothing, which is a drag.

Mini-Bosses: 3/10 - More Charge spam.  Beam's dash aerial can do out damage quickly too, and it's good for dealling out damage if you need to be in the air anyways.  You need to know when they're going to attack or you might be caught charging.

Kracko Jr: 3/10 - It's sometimes a bit dangerous to hit him with the dash attack, but he goes down so quickly it hardly matters.

Dedede: 2/10 - Even more charge spam.  Piece of cake.  Just don't let him get out of the screen or he could surprise you with his hammer spin.

Wham Bam Jewel: 2/10 - This strategy works well.

Galacta Knight: 4/10 - Sometimes he'll get you while you're charging if you're not careful.  It's important to remember that he attacks quicker at less HP.  When he's at high HP you can get a couple of charge attacks off between his attacks, but when he's low you have to wait for him to do something dumb and give you an oppurtunity.

Marx Soul: 4/10 - I use Beam's ability to hold a vine infinitely to dodge his first paintball attack.  However, sometimes, as in this case, wasting my attacking time causes me to eat another paintball attack with no easy way to dodge.  I got lucky here though.  I try to grab a blue paintball at one point, but it's too far away.  However, this mistake saved my life because I destroyed a paintball that was about to land right on my head!  I doubt I would've grabbed that one.