Kirby Super Star Ultra is my favourite Kirby game of all time (though Kirby's Return to Dreamland comes close).  In KSSU, I can play the Arena modes over and over again.  They're fun to play with one ability start to finish.  They're fun to play while changing to random abilities obtained from the pedestals between fights.  They're fun to play damageless.  They're fun to speedrun.

The key to KSSU's Arena modes is the fast pacing.  Bosses in later games often have dedicated openings to attack and dedicated periods where you're intended to dodge.  In the latter case, bosses are usually offscreen, nearly invincible, or moving so fast that you can't keep up with them.  When you're <i>supposed</i> to attack, bosses just sit there and let you whale on them.  This makes fights more one-dimensional.  In KSSU, you're provided small openings, but you can defeat bosses much faster if you also attack them while they're attacking you.  With perfect play, some battles are a constant flow of simultaneously dodging and striking back.  Most of the newer entries also have long and cinematic final bosses that make it a slog to replay the arena modes as well.

And unlike earlier games in the series, abilities have more complexity, with many attacks and quirks, though that's more self-evident.  KSSU is at the perfect intersection between the era of interesting abilities and the era of fun boss battles.

Most of my videos on KSSU are damageless True Arena playthroughs.  Unfortunately, when I recorded these, my only means of recording was recording my actual DS with a camcorder.  Who knows though, maybe I'll come back and record redux versions now that recording DS emulation is viable?  That said, the play in the runs themselves is high-quality despite how old they are, and it's also better than I could do today without investing a fair bit of time to relearn (unlike FF6, where I'm much better than in my older videos).  I don't remember the original ordering of videos and it seems like a pain to reorder them, so I won't bother.  The descriptions only lightly reference each other anyways.