Bombman is a test of our ability to manage RNG.  It's easy to get complacent with the usual easy win here, but we do not want to repeat the previous 2-3 bosses every time he decides to give us a lousy pattern.  His regular double-bombs will be thrown to our left and right.  It's easiest to dodge them by staying between them and jumping to avoid the explosions.  The explosion hitboxes don't linger very long, so avoiding the explosions is much easier than it looks.  Trust me, it probably looks like I'm performing death-defying stunts constantly in this fight, but this is something you won't even need to think about.

If Bombman has already jumped once and he's near the edge of the stage, he'll replace his next jump with a big bomb.  Avoiding this is also surprisingly simple.  We just place ourselves at a distance equal to the screen length minus one floor tile and wait.  He'll wobble three times before throwing the bomb.  As he throws, we start moving towards him.  If he throws the bomb far, we've already dodged it.  If he throws it close, we have plenty of time to react and pause briefly to slip under it.  Sometimes the entire fight is just Bombman chucking these things and we barely have to try.

Bombman's movement phase is where things get complicated.  He can choose from five different options here:
</p><ul class="standard-text-interrupt">
    <li>A jump slightly left or slightly right</li>
    <li>A jump to the far-right or far-left of the screen</li>
    <li>A jump that covers about two-thirds of the distance to our position</li>
</ul><p class="standard-text">
The far-left and far-right jumps are notable because it's pretty easy for Bombman to jump right into us if he decides to cross the screen in our direction.  There are two bad scenarios here.  The first is that we need to jump to avoid his double-bombs, which put us right in his path if he decides to jump across the screen.  This is avoided using a similar jump to the one we used to deal with Mega Man?.  Jump away from him while jumping over the bombs and then double back at the peak of the jump to land back in the original position.  It's a slightly different jump since we can't start moving to the side until after we've gotten over the bombs, but it's still not that hard.  There are a couple moments in this video where we would have gotten hit if we weren't using this strat.

For the next two paragraphs, let's assume for the ease of the description that we're on the left and Bombman is on the right.  The second issue is that if we're standing just to the left of Bombman, and he's too far away from the left wall, Bombman will jump in an arc that's low enough to smack us even if we're not in the air.  At first glance, that seems like a non-issue.  However, Bombman has a special quirk where he'll jump immediately if we're right next to him when he lands from the previous jump.  In MM1, constantly getting in Bombman's face was "the strat" for beating him easily, but in Powered Up we need to be careful not to stand next to him if he's too close to the right wall.

However, there's one moment when we do need to deliberately stand next to him, and that's if Bombman begins to corner us at the left side of the stage.  If he fully corners us, we need to prevent him from throwing bombs since they'll be undodgeable.  We can do this with the aforementioned strat of getting in his face after he jumps and forcing him to jump again.  This is also fully safe since we're close enough to the left wall that if he jumps to the far-left, the jump arc will be high enough not to hit us.  That's a cool piece of game design right there; the devs clearly put a lot of thought into these fights.  Hopefully that description is clear enough, as it's hard to describe without a diagram.  Don't get me wrong, this is difficult to pull off because you have to be very close to Bombman to provoke a jump and his jumps are hard to react to, but it's better than a guaranteed loss.  You can see me attempt this strat at the very start of the fight, but I was too far to bully him into jumping (not that it ended up mattering in this case).

We can do even better by attempting to prevent him from cornering us at all.  This is where the jump where he crosses two-thirds of the screen matters.  After the big bomb comes out, Bombman will get an opportunity to jump.  If we stay far away, then Bombman can jump across a large portion of the screen and immediately corner us.  Therefore, we stay close to Bombman so that he won't move very far if he does the two-thirds jump.  As he begins his jump, we back away from Bombman by about 40% of our remaining space to give up as little ground as possible while still giving ourselves room to avoid getting hit if he decides to jump across the entire screen.  In summary, there's a lot more going on here than it looks like in a casual viewing, and all of it matters to give us that extra edge of winning.

This video was made by request (I don't necessarily plan a full series).  Only thing I forgot to say in the video is that doing small hops when "bullying" Bombman can make it easier to position yourself next to him.  That comment will make more sense after watching the video.