</p><h2 class="standard-text-interrupt">
Stage
</h2><p class="standard-text">
For Elecman, there's a certain Met that will be lined up with you right after you climb to the next screen.  You can't climb past it since there's an electical current that will stop you.  To deal with it with Gutsman, you'll need to climb back down the ladder right after it pokes its head out.  If you do this twice, the electical current will be done and you can just climb past the screen.  This strat isn't strictly necessary with everybody else, but it's still an easy way to do this screen.

The real hard parts of the stage are the footholder sections.  They're hard to describe in text, but I can do a video if there's interest.
</p><h2 class="standard-text-interrupt">
Boss
</h2><p class="standard-text">
Since he's Oilman's weakness, Elecman is a shorter fight, but that doesn't mean we should put him off.  Remember that while a shorter fight is less likely to give us a reset, it also impacts our reset efficiency less.  Elecman is a test of multi-tasking.  It can be easy to forget where we are in his pattern if we pay too much attention to dodging his immediate attacks, but it's also easy to mess up dodging his attacks if we pay them no heed at all.

Elecman's regular pattern is to walk between the three points on the floor that he launches attacks from.  He won't approach the walls, so we don't need to worry about him ramming us.  When he attacks, he'll alternate between firing a low shot or a high shot.  The low shot is quite tricky to jump over due to its width, so it's best not to let Elecman use it when he's close to us.  If he's in the middle (the most common position he'll fire it from), jumping as soon as he reaches the center of the stage will do the trick.  The high shots can be dodged by doing absolutely nothing.  We just need to make sure that we don't expect him to do a low shot and jump into it by mistake.

When attacking him, sometimes he'll do a dodge shot.  This can be distinguished from his regular high shot because he floats quite some distance backwards when he does it.  We actually want to provoke this as often as possible since it means that we'll need to jump over fewer low shots.  He also can't replace it with his lightning bolt attack (described in the next section), which is great since that's the most dangerous part of the fight.  That said, don't commit too hard to attempting to provoke a dodge shot since he can't do it all the time.  I don't know the exact rules, but he can't do one for a couple attacks after the previous dodge and he also can't do it right after he shoots.  We can reliably provoke it at the start of the fight and after he uses his lightning attack.

Speaking of the lightning attack, it's a bit tricky.  First, we need to make a snap decision on what side of the screen we want to be on after it ends.  If Elecman is on the far-left or far-right, we want to be on the opposite side.  If he's in the middle, we want to pay attention to where he was walking.  If he was walking right, we want to be on the left side, and vice-versa.  This will prevent him from doing a low shot right in our face after the lightning.

When Elecman starts posing for the lightning, get to the closest edge of the screen.  When he does his twirl, start walking.  We don't want to react too quickly to the twirl, as it's easy to jump the gun and go too early (I did this once in the video and had to pause briefly as a backup).  The first lightning bolt takes about a second to come out, so it's difficult to start walking too late.  The rest of the strat depends on whether we want to cross the screen or not.  If we don't want to cross, we should keep walking until the first lightning bolt, wait around half a second before turning, and then turn around a second time immediately after the second lightning bolt.

If we want to cross, we should just hold right we reach the opposite side of the screen, but we'll need to jump over Elecman.  His hitbox is bigger than it looks, so we should jump when we're some distance away.  If he's right next to us when he begins his attack, we can jump as soon as we start walking to clear him every time.  He downright spammed lighting in this attempt, so you can get a good reference for every type of lightning dodge by watching this footage.

The last thing to keep in mind is that his shots don't maintain a pattern of "low shot in the center, high shot near the edges".  If Elecman interrupts his pattern by doing a dodge shot or a lightning attack, we need to keep track of which attack is coming next so that we don't react to it poorly.  Once you've practiced the fight enough, it becomes second-nature though.