</p><h2 class="standard-text-interrupt">
Stage
</h2><p class="standard-text">
Here are the parts I'd watch out for:

Once you climb to the top of the first set of ladders, there's a horizontal fire pillar pointing at a Fire Maker.  Having a protracted battle with this thing is not advised.  Instead, wait far enough to the left that the Fire Maker doesn't spawn, but far enough right that you can see the fire pillar.  You want to time it so that you can run to the right and jump to the next platform without stopping.  You may have to shoot a fireball as you jump to the platform (I don't remember).  Then keep walking and jump over the Fire Maker as well.  It's a tight jump and it's later than you'd expect; you need to be touching its hand when you jump.  Oilman can skip this by jumping off the skateboard onto the big square block to the left and shooting the Fire Maker from there.  Mega Man and Protoman OHKO the Fire Maker and don't need to do the jump.  Freezing the Fire Maker with Iceman makes the jump free.

Once you hit the checkpoint, there's another Fire Maker blocking your path.  Standing under it is safe, so you can go there if you're in danger.  It's especially useful with Roll since her sword hitbox extends upwards.  With Oilman, you can jump over this one with the skateboard to avoid a long fight.

At the end of that section, there's a spot where you need to time a fire pillar and a fireball together.  I'll try to illustrate this.
</p><pre class="standard-text-interrupt">
    _____________        |          _ = Platform; L = Lava Pillar; o = Fireball; | = Ladder 
    |             L      |
X   |             L      |
____|            __  o
</pre><p class="standard-text">
Wait where the X is.  The lava pillar should be just within sight, but the fireball should not spawn yet.  This area isn't safe to stand, so you'll need to defend yourself from the fireball from the left while you wait.  When the fire pillar is just about to reach its maximum height, jump to the top of the ladder and run to the right.  When you reach the edge of the long platform, jump and quickly kill the fireball.  Then land on the short platform and jump to the final ladder.

<b>Credit goes to GreninjaMan for this strategy: "oh yeah, the part where you illustrate, i found a more easier way to do that part, i just make the fireball on the right spawn then get back into position, then do the same way how you said when getting pasted that part, cause doing that makes the fireball will spawn when you reached to the ladders"</b>

With Oilman, it's easier to use Oil Slick to jump over the entire gap from the long platform.

The room at the top of the ladder is the hardest room of any stage in the game IMO.  Most characters don't have too much trouble with the pair of screws on thin platforms.  Stay out of their range and shoot them from there so that they don't return fire.  Even Oilman can do this IIRC.  When you need to dodge a missile, wait until the last second and jump straight up to avoid accidentally aggroing the screws.  Mega has issues here, but I described them in an earlier post.

With Roll, you want to use a similar strategy to Mega.  Wait at the top of the ladder and then wait for the missile.  When it turns towards you, jump over it and onto the next platform, landing in the screw's range.  If your timing is correct, you can jump over the next missile and the first screw bullet.  Then jump over the second screw bullet and attack it.  Don't jump over the hole to attack.  Roll's range is barely large enough to hit the screw from the edge of the platform.  The second screw can be dealt with similarly.

You might want to experiment with the next section.  I think there's a better strat, but never worked it out.  You'll eventually come to a fire pillar followed by a gap with fireballs coming out.  Land just before the pillar and tap left on the D-pad to inch as far left as possible without falling off.  Then tap right to turn around.  Now hold your ground for a while by shooting each fireball as it drifts towards you.  Be careful since the fire pillar can eat your shots if you shoot too early.  Then wait until the timing lines up.  What you want to do is jump under an incoming fireball when it's at its peak height.  Unfortunately, you need to wait for a while since the timing of the fire pillar and the fireballs doesn't line up well naturally.  This is a pain with Oilman and Iceman since they need to shoot the fireballs twice to kill.

The last Fire Maker is only a pain for Mega and Roll.  Tap left to reach the edge of the platform and defend yourself from incoming fireballs with grounded attacks.  When the fire pillar lines up, jump to the left just after killing a fireball and get a single attack in before running back to safety.  Doesn't sound complicated, but it's pretty tricky.  Be patient since this is so close to the end of the stage.

Then there's the Big Eye and Fireman, but I've already gone over them.  Overall, there's a ton of pain points, but at least Fireman is pretty easy to execute once you've practiced him.  Make sure that you're confident about beating him before taking attempts at the stage.  I can make a video for him if you think it would be helpful.
</p><h2 class="standard-text-interrupt">
Boss
</h2><p class="standard-text">
Fireman is Oilman's weakness, but that has no impact.  We're already doing one damage to everything, and taking extra damage doesn't matter when we're not allowed to take any to begin with.  Fireman is a test of strategy.  Out of all the bosses, he is the one where I revamped/tweaked my approach the largest number of times.  But in the end, I ended up with something simple and easy to execute, which was surprising since I initially thought that Fireman would be the hardest fight.

When moving, Fireman just walks left and right across the stage.  He'll only attack in two circumstances.  First, if we get too far away from him, he'll attack us.  We never want to trigger an attack this way, so we should stay close to him at all times.  We have to stay within a distance of about half the length of the stage to avoid this.  Second, he'll attack as a counterattack whenever we shoot.  Obviously, we need to attack him, but the fact that he'll only counterattack means that we can manipulate when and where he'll attack from.

The idea is to stay in front of him and only attack him from the edge of the stage.  We want to walk to the very edge of the screen and tap the D-pad to turn around so that our shot will hit him.  When doing this, it's crucial that we completely slam into the wall before turning since we'll slide sometimes if we aren't at a standstill when we do the D-pad tap.  We can identify when we've touched the wall since Oilman will recoil slightly.  Next, when the front side of Fireman touches the closest line in the floor, we need to press the D-pad, jump, and shoot at the same time.  If done correctly, we'll shoot Fireman and jump over him at the same time, dodging any of his regular attacks even if he does a jump-shot.

The reason for all that setup isn't just to get a clean visual cue.  The main idea is to make it easy to dodge his fire wave.  The fire wave will travel slowly across the screen until it hits a wall and then bounces back.  When shooting Fireman in this way, he'll immediately shoot the fire wave at a wall, so we'll only need to jump over it once.  Additionally, Fireman won't catch up to the wave too quickly, so we'll have an opening to jump between him and the wave to get past both of them without doing anything too tricky.  When jumping over the fire wave, I prefer to keep my eyes on the space between the wave and Fireman to indentify when the opening appears rather than focusing on the space between the wave and Oilman and jumping at the last second, but either way works.

To execute everything more easily, it's good to use a lot of visual cues in this battle.  When leading Fireman to the edge of the screen, we can use the light patch on the central tile as a starting position and start moving when Fireman touches the wall.  As mentioned earlier, using the line in the floor helps to time the jump-shot.  When dodging the fire wave, we can use the icon in the central floor tile to identify where to wait for the attack.  If you're planning to do this yourself, pay close attention to the video for details.

As with most of the fights, it's not the bulk of the fight that's most tricky, but a rare scenario that only shows up once or twice.  In this case, it's the very beginning of the fight.  We start far enough away from Fireman to trigger an immediate attack.  If this is a regular attack, we need only jump just before the first shot hits us and continue moving forwards so that we clear his next shot even if it's a jump-shot.  It's tough, but not too bad.

The worse scenario is if he opens with his fire wave.  Because we didn't trigger it from the normal position, we'll need to jump over the wave twice.  But worse than that, if we leave Fireman to his own devices, he'll be walking just behind the wave right when we need to make the second fire wave jump, and it will be impossible to get over both of them!  To avoid this, we need to get to the other side of Fireman ASAP and then shoot him from behind to trigger the counterattack.  This will position him such that we can jump over him and then jump over the wave a bit later.  Shooting him quickly enough (but not so soon that he doesn't counter) and dodging the counterattack is pretty tricky, so we need to practice this to death if we're going to do this fight this late.

Depending on exactly when we shot Fireman and how many shots he takes when countering, we'll need to dodge the wave in a different way.  If the wave is still far away, it's best to jump over Fireman when he turns and then follow Fireman from behind when jumping over the wave.  If the wave is getting close, it's best to jump over it immediately, staying close enought to Fireman to avoid provoking another attack.  As with Gutsman, knowing the strat for this uncommon scenario came in clutch during this run.  I was very close to shooting Fireman too late in this attempt, so I hardly had any space to get over the wave, but it barely worked out.