Gutsman's regular pattern is more predictable than it seems at first glance.  He'll either jump forwards, jump backwards, or jump straight up.  If he doesn't have a block and he jumps forwards/backwards, he'll pluck one out of the ground.  This block has a hitbox, so if he's about to do this, we need to take care not to get knocked over by the screen shake right next to him.  As long as we're far enough away, we can often accept getting knocked over on purpose so that we can get an extra hit in.  If he has corned us near the edge of the stage, we may need to jump over the block pluck.  If he has a block and he jumps forwards/backwards, he'll do nothing.  If he has a block and he jumps straight up, he'll throw it, which we can easily jump over as long as we walk a short distance away from Gutsman first.  If he has no block and jumps straight up, he'll use his digging attack.

To avoid the digging attack, we need to be moving and jump immediately after he starts to emerge.  I can neither react to this nor consistently time this without a visual cue, so I crafted a buffer to get it every time.  First, we should move to the nearest edge of the stage, the position we'll dodge the attack from.  When he starts digging into the ground, start by listening for the digging noises he makes.  It's a repetitive crunching sound, and if I had to write it into text, it would sound like "ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch".  On the sixth "ch" noise, we want to do two full jumps, which are only done to time our next movements.  When we're about to land from the second jump, we can start moving away from the wall.  Right as we land from the second jump, we do a third jump that will avoid the digging attack.  This needs to be repeated three times, but the blocks he throws during this attack aren't dangerous.  It's also possible to use the dust particles from his digging to time the buffer instead of the sound cue if you really can't make it work, but I'd advise against that since the dust particles are slightly random.

Similarly to Bombman, the most dangerous part of the fight is if he corners us, but it's rare on Hard mode and easier to deal with.  If he has cornered us, we need to be prepared to run under him.  We can stand a short distance away from him and start moving right as he jumps.  If he does a jump backwards, we need to quickly reverse course to avoid him landing on us, but this is surprisingly easy to react to.  If he jumps forwards or straight up, we need to jump ASAP once we've gotten past him to avoid getting knocked over.  I'm glad that I had this trick in my repetoire for the moment in this run when it really counted.