Hard Iceman is probably the most challenging fight in this gauntlet, and also one of the best fights in the game IMO.  Iceman is a test of decision-making.  There are a lot of edge cases in this fight, and we need to be prepared for everything he can do because Oilman can't rely on luck when he kills things so slowly.  During Iceman's movement phase, he'll randomly skate left or right until he hits one of the four points on the stage that he attacks from.  These spots are far-left, center-left, center-right, and far-right.  Once he reaches one of these points, he'll start attacking.

Oddly, the center-left and center-right positions aren't symmetrical.  If he's on the center-left and we're to the left of him, we can react to him easily enough.  But if he's on the center-right and we're on the right side, I struggle to react to that.  This means that I'll typically jump over him when he skates from center-left to far-left or from center-left to center-right, assuming I'm on the wrong side of him.

During his regular attack cycles, Iceman will shoot three staggered shots as he slowly moves either upwards or downwards.  We only need to jump over the lowest shot.  He'll do two sets of attacks before returning to his skating.  On Hard mode, Iceman's shots will move faster as we damage him.  This makes it harder to react and makes it hard to build muscle memory to dodge him, but it also means that it's easier to jump between his shots than on Normal.  That's good because we need our focus for other things here.

Where this fight gets tricky is the icicle attack.  Iceman will occasionally call icicles from the ceiling in place of his regular attacks.  To dodge these, we usually want to stay at the edges of the stage.  However, if he's at center-left and we're at the far-left, we can jump over him and take advantage of a blind spot just to his right.  This will allow us to get to the right side of the stage so that we can react to his attacks more easily.

For a brief period after calling the icicles, Iceman will gain the ability to shoot three grounded shots, which make it a bad idea to camp in the corners.  We can stand on an icicle further away from him instead.  If he shoots grounded shots, they'll pass harmlessly beneath us.  If he shoots ascending or descending shots, we'll need to jump over both the middle and high ones.  It takes practice to do this without falling off the icicles.  I've gotten pretty good at this, but in this recording I managed to botch it twice and get bailed by quick backups instead.  Not a clean fight, but good enough.

The hardest part is when the icicles melt.  If we just stand on them, it's easy for us to drop into a shot before we can react, but if we jump to gain more reaction time, we're liable to do it too early and then have to panic to recover.  To deal with this consistently, we need to keep track of when Iceman skates.  The better scenario is if Iceman skates immediately after dropping the icicles.  In this case, the icicles will melt the next time he's skating.  If he's on the far-left or far-right, we may need to move a bit towards him so that we pass over his shots before the icicles melt.  If he's in the center-left and we're on the right, we need to stand on the icicle closer to him after he shoots and prepare to jump over him since he'll sometimes manage to skate to the center-right just after the icicles finish melting.

The harder pattern is if he shoots just after calling the icicles.  In this case, we need to be prepared because the icicles will melt while he's shooting.  If he starts with descending shots, we typically want to get into the corner since we'll get enough of a gap to deal with the icicles melting.  Otherwise, as the low shots approach, we should do small jumps in place as if we were dodging them.  That way, if the icicles melt while a shot is directly underneath our feet, we'll jump over it.  However, the small jump doesn't overcommit, so we'll land back on the icicle in time to react if it doesn't melt.  Ideally, the icicles will melt between his shots, when we have just enough time to react.  With this strat, we can always react to the icicles melting.  If he's in the center-left and we're on the center-right, we still need to stay close so that we can jump over.  I botched this in this recording too, but got bailed because he skated left.

Offense isn't too bad.  It's easiest to attack when there are no icicles, as we can just toss in attacks when we're dodging without much extra effort.  When icicles are up, Oilman can still attack since his shots arc downwards.  If the icicles are up, we only attack when Iceman is skating or shooting grounded shots so that we can concentrate on dodging.

Hopefully this conveys why Iceman is such a doozy.  Fluking a win in this fight isn't hard, as it'll only take so long before we get a good pattern where he never does anything dangerous.  The difficulty is in learning the fight well enough that the gauntlet as a whole doesn't become pure pain to execute.  We really need to know everything above like the back of our hand.  Don't worry, the other fights aren't nearly as complex and difficult, I promise.