Mega Man? is next, and he's a test of reaction time.  This is the only boss fight without a dedicated stage, so I'll leave the description here.  Most of the fight is repetitive, lulling us into a false sense of security, but we need to prepare to act immediately in the few moments that aren't.  Generally, when Mega Man? is near us, he'll perform a slide attack in our direction that we can easily jump over.  He'll still be close enough to do another slide afterwards, so for most of the fight, he'll just slide back and forth like an idiot while we dodge him.  Ignore the way I opened this fight; I realized afterwards that a better strat is to simply walk to the left wall at the start of the fight and wait for him to slide at us to begin the cycle.

Once we have him sliding, the only way he'll break out of it is if he decides to do something else in the short window before he slides again.  He can decide to charge his buster, but this won't interrupt his sliding on Hard mode.  He can't shoot during a slide, so we know he'll always fire right after the second slide.  This makes the buster charge trivial to avoid.

The real killer in this fight is Mega Man's jump.  It looks unassuming, but it's by far the most dangerous thing he can do.  If we jump over his slide in the most intuitive way, he'll jump straight into our face without giving us a chance to react.  Because of this, my preferred approach is to jump away from him while he's sliding and then double back at the peak of the jump to land back where we started.  If he slides, we don't need to react to it; our jump looks awkward, but it'll always make it over if we do it right.  This is important because he'll spend 95% of the battle sliding, so we'll likely mess up once if we need to react to it.  But if he does his jump, we'll be at the furthest point from him when he does it, so we'll have time to react on the rare occasion that he does this.  We may need to improvise to get him back to the wall after that; generally, making him slide twice in the same direction does the trick if needed.

If he decides to fire regular shots, he won't turn around to use them, so they aren't too threatening.  The regular shots will end as soon as he touches a wall.  In fact, if he starts to use them while already standing next to a wall, I'm pretty sure the attack ends before we can even see it!  That said, it's important that we keep Mega Man? sliding exactly against the wall after he performs his shots.  Otherwise, he's more likely to get into bad patterns and throw off the timing of our (already awkward) jumps.  If he's ever a short distance away from the wall, we can stand directly against the wall as he slides to get him back into position.

This is the only battle that relies on some level of RNG with the best strat I could come up with.  On rare occasions, Mega Man? will do something crazy like jumping and shooting at the same time, and this strat can't account for that.  He can also shoot on the same frame (?) that he touches a wall, which actually does cause him to turn and shoot at the same time.  This guy just seems to resist being consistent no matter what I do...