</p><h2 class="standard-text-interrupt">
Stage
</h2><p class="standard-text">
The first two firemakers are mostly just tedious.  The video you linked above has a good strat for the third one (same one I used).  With Oilman, you can also jump off the skateboard in midair to get to the top platform where it can't hit you.  That way you don't have to risk shooting it ten times.  With Mega that one isn't an issue.

The fourth one is easily the toughest.  If you position yourself close to the edge of the starting platform, you can get the fire maker to burn away the oil.  Wait for it to fully burn.  Then climb down the ladder and back up to reset the cycles.  After that, wait for the second time the turret takes a break.  IIRC, that corresponds perfectly with when the fire maker takes a break.  Mega can just run forward and kick the turret before running back.  Oil Man must use the skateboard and jump into the turret to OHKO.  Then just be patient, as reset efficiency isn't important right next to the end of the level.  Start at the right edge, and inch forward until the flames are barely hitting the ceiling.  This should be your starting position.  When the fire maker gives you a break, run forward and attack.  With Oilman, I shoot it twice before running back to the right.  With Mega, I kick it once and then hide below the fire maker.
</p><h2 class="standard-text-interrupt">
Boss
</h2><p class="standard-text">
The one saving grace that Oilman has is that his own boss fight is the easiest of the lot.  This means that he gets the privilege of fighting the easiest boss last.  In other words, Copy Oilman is a test of nerves.  There's nothing difficult about this fight unless we start to panic or act strangely because we're worried about making a mistake, but that's easier said than done.

Copy Oilman will start in his movement phase.  During his movement phase, Copy Oilman will either jump to our position and then jump to the wall or walk towards us and then jump to the wall when he reaches us.  Either can be avoided simply by walking towards him until he jumps.  We'll then have plenty of time to react and get a shot in before he attacks.  We then want to use the floor tiles to stand about two-thirds of the way across the room before he attacks.  The goal of this is usually to prevent the enemy's oil from being placed in positions where it'll interfere with our movements, but Player Oilman can't slip on the oil anyways, so the only reason why I'm doing this here is because it's the strat that I practiced.

When Copy Oilman attacks, he'll do a triple shot of oil.  It's best to dodge this by standing in place and jumping straight up.  This is easy.  Copy Oilman may also use his own skateboard to glide across the stage, but he telegraphs this heavily, so we don't need to react.  Dodging this is also easy.  The only thing to watch out for is that he has two animations before he hops on the skateboard, so it's important not to panic and jump early if he does the longer one.