We need to do three fights here.  The Icicles themselves won't do anything except counter with Icicle Drop, which is not Ice-element strangely enough.  The main danger here is the Evilheads, who will randomly choose to use either Blood Suck (weak) or Ultrasound (stronger).  Killing the Evilheads would be an easy task, but we can't deal with the extra EXP.  Incapacitating them with status ailments isn't as reliable as you'd want it to be either, though maybe I missed an option.  Therefore, we'll just take their assault.

I allocated EXP from two of these fights to Cloud, who struggles to take hits here (he's only gained a single level since he fought Sample H0512 way back when).  If he gets pre-empted by all the bats and eats more than two Ultrasounds, it's game over.  However, the Icicles are weak to Gravity, so a T/S Bomb (stolen from Flapbeats) will upgrade from dealing 50% damage to dealing 100% damage.

That's not very satisfying, and we're fighting one Icicle with Cait Sith anyways, so let's have a real fight.  We hope to pre-empt a couple bats and chuck a Spider Silk to slow them down.  This gives us two turns to their one on the lowest battle speed.  When the Limit bar fills, the ATB fills up much faster than normal, so we intentionally enter the fight with the Limit bar slightly unfilled.  This means that directly after throwing the Spider Silk, our Limit will fill and we'll get a turn in before the bats that pre-empted us.

From here, we can just alternate between healing and attacking.  If we get bad luck with Icicle Drop counters and Ultrasound spam, we can still lose the fight.  Maybe I could have used Barrier, status effects, or a more cautious approach to win more consistently, but this is likely to work anyways and makes for a faster video.  Molotovs are Fire-elemental, so they take out the Icicle in only five hits.

FYI, this footage isn't from the original playthrough.  I needed to re-fight the final Icicle with Cait a dozen times to get the best possible HP growth here, so I just used the T/S Bomb strat during that process.