This is another one of the difficult fights.  This time, however, the pain is very much my own fault.  This fight is going to be another MP stall battle, but unlike Schizo, this time we'll get free turns to do things.  This fight would have been easy if we got a handful of Ghost Hand items, which cast Aspil (absorbs MP).  The problem is that we can only obtain these by Stealing them from Ghosts in this run, and Ghosts only show up in Midgar before we can buy the Steal Materia.

Because of this, I thought they were off the table until I realized that Ghosts will also show up in the Battle Square at the Gold Saucer.  Unfortunately, I realized this when I was prepping for this very fight, and Ghosts only show up in the Battle Square before Palmer.  I wasn't about to redo hours of progress to get them at this point.  That's unfortunate, as this would have been a cool and unique strategy, and a lot less luck reliant than what I did.  If anybody else tries this challenge for themselves, they should keep this strat in mind.  They could help for JENOVA Life too.

Also off the table (I forgot to mention this in previous videos) is Cait Sith's Transform.  This Limit Break is one of his Slot skills, and it combines Cait's HP with the HP of the other party members (among other things).  In a Solo Character Run, I prefer for the dead characters' stats, etc. to have no impact on the battle, so I didn't want to use this unless absolutely necessary.

The first issue with this fight is Arm Grab.  Each arm has a 1/N chance of using it every turn.  This one's a bit weird since N is normally 128 when the arms are above 75% HP, but it's initialized to 16 at the start of the fight.  This means that we should attack the arms once right away to reset N to the "proper" value of 128.  With both arms acting once per turn, we have a ~1/64 chance of losing at any moment.  Though the odds seem low, in a 70+ turn battle, they're not in our favour at all.  Killing the arms also isn't an option because they give too much EXP for us to absorb.

Beyond that, Carry Armour is simple, but strong.  Each part acts independently, and the arms have a 50% chance to attack.  The body has a 1/N chance of using Lapis Laser.  When it's below 25% (6000) HP, N is 1, so it'll use Lapis Laser every turn.  I believe we don't have any source of damage strong enough to skip its final phase, so depleting its MP is mandatory.

Lapis Laser is much stronger than its physical attacks, so we're going all-in on Magic Defense here.  We still have the Circlet, but now we also have the Wizard Bracelet, an armour with high magic defense at the cost of having a whopping 3 physical defense.  This drops Lapis Laser down to ~900 damage, which is a surprising amount of damage reduction without M. Barrier.

From here, we have a few decision points.  If we don't have any Materia equipped, we have enough HP to survive a Lapis Laser followed by two arm attacks most of the time.  Given that there's only a 25% chance of it attacking twice in the first place, I thought this was optimal at first.  However, after trying it for a while, it just doesn't work well enough.  Equipping the Barrier Materia means that we always die if all three parts attack when the Barrier is down, but this scenario isn't very common since we sometimes get a chance to re-establish Barrier before it takes its turns.  With Barrier up, we can tank three (non-crit) hits, which gives us a lot more play.

Next, the question is: what do we want N to be?  If Lapis Laser is used less often, we'll get more chances to re-establish Barrier, but if it's used more often, the fight will finish faster and it's less likely we'll be Arm Grabbed.  I chose to let N be 3, as I figured a 1/9 chance of two consecutive Lapis Lasers was a big jump from a 1/4 chance.  I didn't play around with this much, so I'm not confident it's better than letting N be 2.

Finally, what should the Battle Speed settings be?  I decided that since this fight is long already and Arm Grabs are more of a problem than Barrier depleting, a fast Battle Speed and Wait mode would be a good compromise.  Wait mode does a lot here; Barrier lasts a lot longer than it did against the Red Dragon.

The execution itself is simple.  Since there's only a 25% chance of dying even if it uses Lapis Laser, healing is higher priority than re-establishing Barrier if we can't tank a Lapis Laser.  Toss Dragon Scales on the first turn, then use free turns to drop its HP below 75%, where N is 3.  Then use free turns to chip away at its health with S-Mines so that it's just above 50% when it runs out of MP.  After it runs out, it's absolutely worth it to toss our rare 8-Inch Cannons to finish it off faster.  It would be devastating to lose to a last-second Arm Grab.  All the free turns in the middle of the fight make me sad I missed the Ghost Hands though.

Note from the future: I forgot to mention the Submarine Crews at the end.  Since one of these fights is a Pincer Attack, we're placed in the front row and we can take extra damage when getting attacked from behind.  Normally damage from normal FF7 enemies is abysmal, but this is enough to make them threatening sometimes.  Not to mention that we don't get to save between Carry Armour and these fights.  However, we get a chance to swap on the Protect Ring we stole from Schizo, and it eliminates the threat here since we can take them out fast with Dragon Scales.  Having to give this EXP to Cait sucks, but there are no random encounters in this area to kill off Cait and swap our solo character, so there's no alternative.