This optional sidequest was available before the Red Dragon, but it's a bit stronger than the other bosses at that point in the game.  Still, we needed to wait so long to recruit Yuffie that it's not much of a fight now.  I avoided using offensive items here to make things a bit more interesting.

Now that we have the Ziedrich, our defenses have reached their final form.  The Ziedrich halves most elemental damage, and this is even better than it sounds.  The reason is that physical attacks often have the so-called "physical elements" of Cut, Hit, Shoot, or Punch, all of which are resisted by the Ziedrich.  This effectively halves most physical damage for the rest of the game.

With our newfound defenses, we're safe to swap Sadness for Fury for the first time since Midgar.  As long as we hit the Slots right, Tifa can bring down the boss in only three hits thanks to her high level and endgame equipment.  It's important to wait in the menu after it attacks since we can't use a Limit until the Limit bar fills up, and this takes just enough time that Rapps can get in an extra turn before we can actually use the Limit if we don't use the menu trick.

It's worth noting that the MP Absorb Materia is a bit of a grey area according to the rules.  To finish this sidequest, we need to open up a chest containing it.  Yuffie will swoop in to steal it immediately, and then give it back at the end of the sidequest.  While it's likely that the Materia briefly enters our inventory from a technical perspective, the net result of this event is nothing; we press A on the chest, a cutscene plays, and our inventory doesn't change.  Later, when Yuffie hands us the MP Absorb Materia, it's coming from an NPC rather than a Scavenged source, so it's perfectly legal to use it.  4-8 Production's video on the Materia Duplication Glitch also shows that the MP Absorb Materia isn't duplicated during the glitch.  This proves that Yuffie actually gives us the Materia at the end of the sidequest rather than it being added to the pool of Materia that Yuffie stole when the chest is opened.

It's worth noting that even if we took the purist approach and also banned the act of Scavenging the Materia itself (as opposed to just using the Scavenged Materia), I believe that it's possible to route EXP to fight the Midgar Turks anyways.  We also don't need the MP Absorb Materia, although we will be using it later.  So the challenge lives either way.