Final Fantasy VII is the most famous of the Final Fantasy series, and it correspondingly has a long and storied challenge run history.  I was introduced to challenges in this game by pioneers like <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@GarlandTheGreat">GarlandTheGreat</a> and <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@ErichtheTormentor/videos">ErichtheTormentor</a>, who made some of the earliest challenges on YouTube.  In some ways, playing a challenge in this game felt the way I'd expect it to feel if I participated in a television show that I've watched since I was a kid.  I knew vaguely how the parts on camera were supposed to go, but I wasn't used to driving the actions myself and had to fill in all the gaps between the "on-camera" parts myself.

One big difference between FF7 and FF6 is that FF7 is a lot more focused on long-term planning.  In FF6, each boss is its own puzzle to solve.  In FF7, the entire game feels like one big puzzle where you need to bring the right character at the right level to the right fight.  There are a ton of subtle mistakes (mostly related to EXP management) that can force runners to redo hours of progress or scuttle the run entirely.  Plus, you tend to lose access to things as you complete more of the story, so it's easier to miss something that you needed and have no chance to get it again.  In order to finish a level 28 LLG, you need to understand the game well enough upfront that you won't miss any crucial details, and this requires a lot of research.  I spent ~8 hours in the <a href="http://ff7.fr/logiciels.php#Tseng">Tseng tool</a> experimenting with and planning the EXP route, and I wasn't comfortable I got it right until about 75% of the way through the playthrough.  If you aren't comfortable with that, you may want to set a lower standard (e.g., level 30) in your own runs or just play FF6 instead. :P

This is my first time playing an FF7 challenge and I don't have a ton of experience with the game, so I probably missed something or other that would have made my life a lot easier.  That said, I'm still pretty happy with how things came out.  This challenge was randomly generated and was intended to be played by multiple people in Strahl's Discord community.  However, people were busy with other things, so this is the first full completion of the run despite me being nearly a year late to the party.  Better late than never, I suppose!  Here are the rules:

Low Level: In this game, the definition is relatively simple.  No character may reach or exceed level 29 by the end of the game.  There is no obligation to keep levels low for intermediate battles or even maintain as many level 27 characters as possible.

Solo Character: We may only use one character in mandatory battles.  For non-mandatory battles, we may do whatever we want if we're just running through a dungeon or something, but if we're going to Steal or kill the enemies, we must use a single character.  In FF7 PC, I do not have the knowledge or tools to kill off characters when there's a mandatory heal before a fight, so I will just do my best to enforce the rule in this case.

No Attack Command: We may not use Attack at all.  Although Limit Breaks overwrite the Attack command, they are legal.  Other grey areas like Counter Attack or Deathblow are banned by the other rules already.

No Independent (Pink) Materia: Self-explanatory.

No Non-Mandatory Inns: You may not rest at inns or use healing spots unless it is forced by the game.

No Scavenging: The description that Strahl wrote for this rule is "You may not open treasure chests or pick up items off the ground. Prizes from enemies may also not be used."  There are a lot of grey areas here.  Generally speaking, I'm going to stick closely to the literal wording of this definition.  I consider enemy Steals to be different than enemy drops, so they're allowed.  Items obtained from NPCs are also allowed since they're not picked up off the ground.  Selling scavenged items is banned, as I consider this to be a "use" of the item.  The MP Absorb Materia from Yuffie's sidequest can be used for reasons I'll explain later.  If forced to pick up an illicit item, we'll dispose of it without gaining Gil from it.