FF3 ReCast is a hack that's designed to shake up the original game while keeping a similar difficulty to vanilla.  The most notable feature is a scenario split at the start of the WoR.  It's rare for other hacks to completely change up the flow of the game like this, so it's a surreal experience to play.  The changes are welcome, too, as it provides more direction for the early WoR.  Once you enter the "open-world" section of the WoR, the number of dungeons remaining is smaller than vanilla, removing choice paralysis and improving the flow and balance of the game.  The biggest flaw of this hack is that it's way too easy to cripple bosses with status effects because the developer was too worried that they'd be useless.  Basically every boss fight can be won on the first turn with the right status, and even if you actively try not to exploit them, there are a bunch of attacks that will inflict them anyways.  As in vanilla, there are plenty of challenge runs that are doable in this hack.  The rules for this challenge are as follows:

0 EXP - The bosses in this hack give EXP (unlike vanilla), and lots of it.  I decided that removing EXP from the hack altogether would be the best way to make the challenge more about good gameplay and less of a math problem related to EXP distribution.  Ironically, most characters' levels end up higher than in a vanilla LLG because Daryll, who replaces Setzer, joins five levels above the level average.

NM: Natural Magic - Characters may not learn any spells from Espers.  Equipment in this hack doesn't teach any spells either.  More characters have natural magic in this hack, but at my levels most of it is a pile of trash.

NOI: No Offensive Items - I can't do any damage by throwing offensive items like rods, shields, or Super Balls.  I can technically use Magicite if it doesn't attack the enemy, but there's no good reason to take that risk regardless.

NC: No Cheese - This is a broadly defined category to exclude any options that are against the spirit of the challenge.  It encompasses several things:
</p><ol class="standard-text-interrupt">
    <li>No negative status effects against bosses.  My definition of "boss" is rather arbitrary, but hopefully only in ways that you'll agree are overly restrictive, if anything.  This also prohibits status effects that bosses reflect off my characters or inflict upon themselves directly, though not statuses they start the fight with or apply invisibly.</li>
    <li>No percentage-based damage or instant death attacks against bosses.  It's fine if a boss uses a move that causes itself to die indirectly or is scripted to kill itself in a response to some attack (like how Vargas dies when you hit him with Pummel).  In this hack, many attacks are percentage-based that were not percentage-based in vanilla, like Bum Rush.</li>
    <li>No attacks that deal damage based on the number of steps that I've taken, even against random enemies.  This bans Step Mine, Hound, and any counter-attacks made by Interceptor.  If Interceptor does counter-attack, I must reset.
    <li>No milling bosses' MP.  If a "Needs MP" message appears from a boss, I must reset.</li>
    <li>No Crusader because it drops enemy HP to one.</li>
</ol><p class="standard-text">  
BS1: Battle Speed 1 - Self-explanatory.  Changing the battle speed to a lower value only hurts me in the vast majority of cases because battle speed only affects the enemy in FF6.  So on battle speed 6, the enemy may as well have auto-slow status.  I apply this restriction so that it's harder to get seven turns to the enemy's one.