Let's just copy the BNW description, because this is the same segment without dash.

In truth, this segment required a great deal of effort to actually accomplish. This town is extremely cramped, with many NPCs milling about. And to boot, I get the unrelenting joy of having to cross the place three times! Add to that a Cafe full of thieves I have to talk to, and this segment is a complete disaster to navigate. I also remember discounting using the path to the left of the Cafe, although I don't remember why. BTW, I guess I messed up that title or something...

Here's the thing; nothing in particular is too likely to go wrong. But this segment is the spiritual opposite to the BNW IAF segment. There I couldn't expect any one particular thing to go right, but I could rely on something going right to carry me through. Here, I can expect something to go wrong, if I'm not being completely vigilant at every moment. So evidently, this segment is going to take a long time. Well, maybe not that long in the scope of this playthrough, but compared to how long walking through this town normally takes, this is taking way too long!

It's not too bad until I get to the main square where the merchants are, but then the "fun" begins. Where possible, I walk in straight lines. This is because walking in straight lines is infallible provided I walk for long enough. NPCs can't stay in my way forever. However, on four different occasions, I have to take one step to the side to line myself up with the place I should be in. On these occasions, I press A when I'm taking that step. This way, if I am running into an NPC, I will talk to them. This doesn't tell me exactly where I am, as I could have taken a step before talking to them, or ran into them without taking a step and then talked to them. It's hard to tell. But it does tell me something's fishy, so if things aren't as expected I can probably guess what my mistake is, or I can line myself up to try again, instead of panicking and having no clue what's happening.

With a hearty helping of patience, this is enough to essentially secure victory over the town itself, but I still have to talk to the thieves. Two of them are stationary, and therefore require no effort to talk to. However, two are moving around, and this messes me up a great deal. My best idea is to enter/exit the Cafe over and over, mashing the A button as I walk in a vertical straight line in line with the doorway. Doing this enough times can make it fairly likely that I'll talk to each of them. I figured five would probably be enough. Exiting after contacting every thief is also a pain, as the ones walking around are still there, at least until I leave the Cafe. But if I run into one on the way out, I can determine that I haven't made it by opening the menu after ostensibly exiting the Cafe (which closes the Cafe door due to what could almost be labeled a bug) and walking upwards. If I have made it out of the Cafe, I will walk back in through the door. If not, I can try again as many times as I want. It will waste time, but I will always be able to get out of the Cafe, so this won't kill the run.

Once I get to South Figaro the segment is essentially over. There's nothing wrong with that place.