I wanted to do something outside the box, so I played the game blindfolded.  If there were no other restrictions, the fights wouldn't be interesting enough to make the navigation parts worth it, so I added an LLG restriction too.  The blindfolded rule has some exceptions that are explained in the first episode description.  For transparency, there were a couple scenarios where I was allowed to view the game without the blindfold, but these were mostly for saving time and not reducing challenge.  Avoiding EXP from the Opera Rats seemed genuinely infeasible with the blindfold on, so this was the one case where I called a mulligan since I'd rather do that section without a blindfold than make the rest of the challenge easier by gaining extra levels there.  This challenge was a bit grueling, and the novelty of the navigation parts wore off as the challenge went on.  The pacing of these videos is a bit slow; it's likely that polished editing would have made this series more fun to watch, but I also didn't have time to devote to editing this series when I made it.

The LLG restriction is the standard FF6 definition.  This entails feeding most optional EXP to Gau during the since his level won't impact the level average when he has leapt onto the Veldt.  If we didn't do this, everybody else would end up getting reaveraged to a higher level at certain points throughout the story.  We can still feed a bit of EXP to the other characters to keep Gau's level lower as long as they don't gain a level themselves.  We aren't expected to skip recruiting Relm/Strago even though it gain Gau an extra level or two.  I didn't do a great job of sticking to this perfectly in this run, as Sabin (and maybe Gau) both had an extra level by the end of the game.  Expected levels in the endgame are the following: Gau - 14 (I think, can't remember if it's possible to do better while recruiting all characters and not using the reverse-Palidor glitch), Mog - 11, Gogo/Strago - 8, Cyan - 7, everyone else - 6.

Since I had commentary in most of these videos, the descriptions are sparser and less detailed.  I didn't copy all of them to the site since some of them are just timestamps or a dumb joke.