This boss may seem very intimidating, but with this strategy, the only real dangers are either a multi-target Blaze during his first phase, the chances of which are 1/12 per turn, or the use of Meteor when he enters his second(supposedly a 1/3 chance).  Since I can easily bring him to his second phase faster than twelve turns, my chances of success are fairly high.

Atma Weapon has three phases.  In the first, he uses Blaze, physical attacks, and Flare, none of which are survivable.  By entering the battle with Vanish, I greatly reduce the chances of his physical attacks killing me (it can only happen if he hits with a spell first).  Flare or an ST Blaze will kill the character, but I'll just say "meh" and have Relm heal.  An MT Blaze = restart.  I have Edgar Debilitate the boss to both Fire and Lightning, because Relm can use two Fire spells in a row and still Osmose, and Gau's Giga Volt is the best way of dealing damage.  Relm casts Slow (very important) and remains with just enough MP for Carbunkle later.  I don't use her MP because I don't want to run out when I need to cast it quickly, and I might need a healer anyways.  The only tricky part is, when Atma Weapon enters his second phase, he will use Bio, Quake or Meteor as an opening move.  I don't even know which Meteor it is, (there are two) but either are deadly.  Quake is negated by Float status, applied before (or during) the battle as need be.  If somebody's (like Relm's) Float were removed by dying, then Edgar would have healed them.  Unfortunately, Bio must be guarded against by Reflect, and since Wall Rings are a luxury I don't have, I have to calculate his HP until he takes close to 11 200 damage, which is when he enters his second phase.  To avoid pausing the video every time he takes damage, I did all the calculations (or rather, a rough estimate) in my head.  Then I use Carbunkle and start piling on the damage as fast as possible.  After a second turn of using a useless Fira spell, Atma Weapon will apply Haste, which will increase his speed to three times what it just was and start charging for Flare Star, which could get hairy, so it is important to kill him quickly.  Without Haste, I won't get to see anything dangerous in his third phase and I have effectively won the battle.  Ironically, while this is probably the hardest challenge that I have played, this is the easiest battle with Atma Weapon that I have had so far.

PS: I'd like to send out my best wishes to everybody in Japan suffering from the Quake.