1st battle:  I guess this clip shows another use for this song...

2nd/3rd battle:  I just used the four characters you get for Dullahan on this one.  I'm normally better than this with the slots, but my computer was lagging for the beginning portions of the fight, making it hard to time.  Reflect is a must for this battle, but keeping it up is a real pain with my low MP.  Golem also helps a little with his physical attacks, but it isn't too important.  The only other defense against physicals is Shadow edges, but with three other targets, it isn't very helpful either.  1000 Needles is dangerous no matter what.

Edgar uses the Debilitator because 3/7 elements (water, fire and thunder) will help Shadow deal double damage with his Skeans.  Fire, thunder and ice will help Celes' magic casting a little, though using, say, Fire 2 over Bio (which Phunbaba is naturally weak to, also the reason why he can be debilitated to only 7 elements) is only slightly better.  As an added bonus, if he is debilitated to Thunder, his reflected attacks will hurt him nicely, but this isn't important enough to try for.

Phantom Rush is still my main source of damage, but Skeans do nicely when Debilitated.  Setzer just helps out where he can, but him and Edgar are mostly there for healing and keeping up reflect.

4th battle:  Just to clear something up; I did use a save state between these two battles to make sure I keep the right combination of characters.  I didn't use a save state during battle though, so no luck manipulation or anything like that is involved.  Bringing Setzer or Celes to this battle is pointless, because they just do less damage than Sabin.  Bringing Edgar may have been the better choice, as he could have been a second supporter while Terra did all the damage herself just as fast, but I originally intended not to use rods so it wouldn't have been worth it then.

This one was actually pretty tricky.  It didn't require much luck, but a fit of bad luck could create substantial problems.  I delay setting up Reflect for a turn because his first attack is always physical, and this will prolong it as long as possible.  I use rods to save time because they don't make it too much easier.  They do keep Terra at full MP for casting Reflect, which is very nice, as well as dealing slightly more damage than Bio.  I brought Shadow because he was the best support character with his high speed and Shadow edges to make him nearly impervious.  I try to heal as much as possible with him so that the others can attack.  I avoided attacking with anybody else until their MP was full, unless Shadow could heal them right afterwards.  After a long time, Phunbaba finally falls so that Terra can join my team.

This battle was a lot harder than with equipment, as my main worry was setting up Reflect, which could have easily been kept with Wall Rings.  With constant Reflect, all I'd need to do is revive characters from ST physicals and 1000 Needles, so this restriction definitely makes the battle a lot harder than other challenges.