Guess what?  I just spent the first $5 of my life that was not on a gift, video game or food item.  As pathetic as this is, you'll probably be happy to know that it was spent on a cable that allows me to record sound on the computer.  This means that my videos should have sound from now on, unless I fast-fowarded the video or see some other reason to put another song overtop.

Knowing the Blue Dragon's attack patterns makes this battle possible.  He always uses Cleansweep on the first turn, which would wipe out my entire party.  I use Palidor to get over this, as I still need time to prepare.  A Pre-emptive strike is key to getting all of my preparations done on time.  I have Shadow enter the battle on Poison, and Gogo can't be on Vanish, or the Shadow scroll can't be used until after Palidor removes Vanish.  I need Gogo and Shadow on Image because it's my only protection against his physical attacks.  I have Shadow Slow the dragon as quickly as possible, because he has a countdown timer to the next Cleansweep that I need to run as slowly as possible.  I also Haste Shadow so that he can get a second turn to get Image.  Hopefully he will not kill Ed or remove Image with his physical counters to the jumps.  As you can see, I get lucky and he misses Gau.

Now this is where knowing the dragon's attacks is important.  He uses Rippler on any character that has Haste.  So if I cast Haste on Shadow, he'll take Shadow's image and Poison.  Now if I cast Slow, he loses his Haste.  This also allows me to cast Haste on Gau without him using Rippler and giving Gau Slow.  Why do I want to give the dragon image?  A physical attack from a Rager does pitiful damage and allows the dragon a chance for a counterattack.  If that attack misses, the dragon cannot counterattack.  Unfortunately, this idea doesn't work too well here, as the dragon loses image on the first strike.  But this leaves the question: How do I survive his MT water attacks?  I don't have handy Imp armor to absorb them for me.  However, a Rager always takes on the elemental properties of the Rage they are using.  Aspiran Rage is very nice because it both absorbs water and uses Lightning, which the dragon is weak to.  With Gogo raging Aspiran and on Image, he can survive anything the dragon has, at least until the image is removed.  Gau has somewhat less survivability, but at least he should only risk counterattacks after doing heaploads of damage with Giga Volt, as long as the dragon has image.  The poison should then do most of the damage until the dragon is dead.

Unfortunately, due to a bug, Shadow loses Interceptor with this strategy, so I will just reload state and morph him with a Magicite shard (which apparently works).

PS: Now we finally know Gogo's true identity XD.