NOTE:  I did not actually play this battle.  I figured out the strategy but then I had to do homework, so my brother offered to beat the battle (getting the timing on Palidor right was the tricky part).

This battle was somwhat harder than the previous bunch, because I tried to learn Grand Train as well as beating him.  Even though I can't even use Grand Train, I felt there was no point in the battle anyways if I didn't even learn it, so learn it I did.  He will not use Grand Train until his lackeys (I love that word) are dead, so my first goal is to kill them off.

Before this, though, I set up myself with some helpful statuses and kill Relm.  Besides Reraise, the only way to survive Grand Train is by jumping, so I need to summon Palidor before he uses it.  The problem?  Strago doesn't learn it in the air.  This means that he must come back down first in order to get blasted by Grand Train, and let the others live in the air.  Since Strago's such a slow old fart, he'd never come down first naturally, hence the Haste.

Relm has to constantly be dead.  This is because, when Hidon is free to act, he can do massive damage to the party using his Poison based attacks.  However, if a character is dead, he'll do nothing but use ChokeSmoke and revive them as a Zombie.  By healing zombie and killing them off with the other two characters, I remove Hidon from the picture.  His lackeys do nothing but physical attacks, so Vanish makes me invulnerable.  Now I just need to kill him.

The bottom left Hidonite absorbs Fire and Poison, both of which would kill it somewhat quickly.  Therefore, I must debilitate it to one or the other (after an accidental use of Chain saw).  My brother didn't seem to like poisoning it though (how anti-Kefka), so he just waited until he could use Flare Star instead.  After this, the others can be killed by Flare Star easily.  Using Shoat on the last Hidonite allows Flare Star to do more damage to Hidon (it splits among all targets), which could help later.  Strago and Gau both die after Palidor, but thanks to Io's Poison invulnerability and the Perma-Vanish trick used against Storm Dragon, he is well defended enough to take it down.