This is a very old series, the first challenge run that I created videos for, in fact.  As such, it's not up to my current standards in terms of gameplay, video quality, humour, and informativeness.  Don't take this series as representative of my content as a whole.  If you're willing to look past the awkwardness, there's still some entertainment value and game knowledge to be gained from this series though.

I relied on luck to deal with a lot of obstacles in this challenge and used save-states between consecutive battles in some cases to reduce the total amount of luck required.  That said, I don't think this is entirely a skill issue, even given how early I did this run.  LLNEG is inherantly luck-reliant, as there are a lot of enemy attacks that can wipe the party regardless of our choices.  We need to know what we're doing to finish this challenge, but it's not as difficult as the latest challenge I did as of this writing (Solo Rotating Character) despite the luck required.  While easier than an LLNENMG (which has a Natural Magic clause), I think this one is more fun since we have more options to control fights and we don't have to rely as much on blitzing enemies down with the most powerful attacks before they decide to do something that OHKOs our party.

Here are the rules:
</p><ul class="standard-text-interrupt">
    <li>Low Level: It's the standard FF6 LLG ruleset.  This entails feeding most optional EXP to Gau during the since his level won't impact the level average when he has leapt onto the Veldt.  If we didn't do this, everybody else would end up getting reaveraged to a higher level at certain points throughout the story.  We can still feed a bit of EXP to the other characters to keep Gau's level lower as long as they don't gain a level themselves.  We aren't expected to skip recruiting Relm/Strago even though it gain Gau an extra level or two.  I didn't do a great job of sticking to this perfectly in this run, as Sabin (and maybe Gau) both had an extra level by the end of the game.  Expected levels in the endgame are the following: Gau - 14 (I think, can't remember if it's possible to do better while recruiting all characters and not using the reverse-Palidor glitch), Mog - 11, Gogo/Strago - 8, Cyan - 7, everyone else - 6.</li>
    <li>No Equipment: We must remove all equipment (including Relics) as soon as possible and leave them unequipped.  We must sell all relevant equipment before the fights where characters can get auto-equipped.  Cases where we're forced to use equipment are unrestricted (though apparently I tried to avoid it having an impact in at least one case during this playthrough).</li>
</ul><p class="standard-text">