This is a really fast and fun fight.  Much of it depends on the first few seconds, where the cranes will often kill two characters before you can even move, or kill one and weaken the rest with a spell.  The first turn is so important that when I saw that they had completely wasted it missing twice, that I was reasonably confident that I had won already.  The goal is to set up Reraise on as many people as possible, because when the cranes shake the deck (it's on a timer), everybody is dead except Edgar, and he'll only survive if defending (though Shell is hardly necessary).  Gau could live too after using the right rage, but then he wouldn't be useful for recovering.  If Gau gets the time to apply Reraise to everybody, then my chances of survival are pretty good.  Locke has the Butterfly and the Storm blade equipped for maximum damage, and I have him throw the Thunder Rod at the start of the battle, as I can just buy them soon anyways.  Edgar gets turns infrequently, so I don't want to use him for damage, and I keep him on defense instead.  Setzer is a great healer, thanks to his slots.  Whenever I try to get a 7 on the first spin, I'm aiming for Lagomorph, not Joker Doom. When I'm not trying to get a 7, I'm usually trying for a random Esper to see if I can apply a decent buff, or do something powerful.  Here, I mess up pretty much every spin for some reason, which sucks because I'm usually far better with the slots, but I still get Lagomorph when I want it.  I Flashed the crane on the left first by accident, but I think it was actually a good call anyways, because they both died at the same time because of it, and never got a second Magnitude 8 off.  After that, there's not too much to note, because I pretty much did whatever was necessary to keep myself alive, taking advantage of Setzer's slots and the Conjurer rage.

Oh, and I apologize, but after this I went and used a cheat code to make money instead of farming it legit on the Veldt.  It's all offscreen anyways, and I never used any cheat codes, hacking or emulator functions during the boss fights (fast-forward excluded).  I could have spent hours upon hours farming the necessary money for the rest of the game, but I have better things to do with my life than kill the same monsters over and over, and it wouldn't even change the videos.