This was probably the hardest single fight in the entire game.  It wasn't the hardest segment - the Mine cart ride happily takes that title - but no particular fight during that portion was too tough.  This guy has dangerous spells, and his Grenades also mean that you have to deal with physical attacks as well.  Unfortunately, if we kill them or place status effects on them, they are just rehealed anyways almost immediately, so there's no point for the trouble it's worth.  Thankfully all the spells (save Fireball) are Reflectable, but the fight is still far from easy, as we can only get one Reflect Ring at this point.  We theoretically have three characters, but in reality, we might as well have two, as Strago has no hope of survival. Once Terra is offed, it's nearly impossible to revive her, so once she dies (it's essentially a foregone conclusion), a solo fight is the only option, and this comes down to a one on five.  Thankfully, now that I've reached Thamasa, I can purchase Guard Rings and Sprint Shoes, which are very useful, and Wall Rings, which are probably the single most important piece of equipment in this challenge.  Locke has been equipped with the Reflect Ring, to neutralize the otherwise impossible to survive spells, and a Guard Ring to withstand the physical attacks.  Terra has been equipped with a Guard Ring, as she can be overwhelmed by the Grenades otherwise, and the Sprint Shoes, as every turn she gets is important, so I need her to get as many as possible.  They also both have the best defensive armor available at this time.  Strago is equipped for max evasion, which isn't good anyways, and it's just in the hopes that he can throw out an extra turn somewhere, mostly just for using a Tincture on Terra.  At level 1, Strago's damage is pathetic, high magic stat or not, so there's no reason to have him attack.  I don't mind breaking rods for offense, as they don't cut through defenses anymore, so I'd hardly call them unfair in this hack.  Therefore, Ice Rods are my best offense, and I have no other way to attacks while being this well defended.  Terra needs to start by using Dispel so that my attacks do full damage.  After that, if she somehow survived to her second turn, she casts Reflect on herself to have a chance of lasting long enough for a win.  After, Terra can throw some Ice Rods for 700 damage apiece.  It isn't incredible, but it's enough.  Hopefully Locke can get some Rods off in this time as well (he can get a respectable 500 from the levels he gained during he Mine Cart ride), but I was playing more cautiously than usual here and he was delegated to healing.  When Terra's Reflect runs out, she is supposed to recast it.  Unfortunately, somebody distracted me while I was playing and I forgot to Revert before spending the turn casting Reflect.  This wasted a valuable turn of my Morph, and it is critical to deal damage as fast as possible, as he appears to stop using Fireball at about half HP (which he can't use this entire time; one use and you might as well restart, if it doesn't kill you, the seizure will).  This made me eat a Fireball, but through a large amount of luck, Locke managed to dodge it.  Isn't it ironic that probably the only attempt where I made a mistake like that, I actually succeed?  Anyways, by the time he enters his second phase, I need to enter mine as well, as Terra always managed to die at about the same time in every attempt that made it this far (she died even earlier in this one).  Now that Fireball's gone, Flame Eater cannot pierce the Reflect Ring, but those Grenades are twice as evil when they only have one character to hit.  Flare Up fortunately only blinds instead of doing 1.5X damage now, which is helpful.  Blaze does not appear to hurt me directly, given that it reflects now (thank you so much!).  However, the unfortunate truth is that it can berserk the Grenades, making every attack deal more damage, and it also makes them stop using Blaze, which is otherwise a free turn.  This means that I have to take more risks, as the battle will get harder as it goes on longer, with more Grenades being berserked.  Otherwise, I'd only attack at full HP.  I tried using a Remedy to remove their Berserk at one point, but you can't target the enemies with them, which is unfortunate.  You can see at one time that I wait for a couple of Grenades to attack.  This is because their turns have all bunched together, meaning that they all attack in sync.  This is fairly likely to kill Locke off in one go, so I wait until two attack, and then use my animation to separate their turns.  As you can see, this fight requires a lot of luck.  Even after getting through the evil first phase, if Locke chooses the wrong times to dodge, I'm done for.  If I had given Locke the EXP during the Mine Cart ride to make him level 7, even that small amount of extra HP would have made a huge difference.