After the last streak of difficult bosses, we finally get a relaxing breather boss in Ultros' third form.  It looks like I'm cutting it close, but I'm really not.  His main offensive is counterattacks, of which he has plenty that will be activated if you do different stuff to him.  Fortunately, throwing Thunder Rods only causes him to try and blow Strago away with a Tentacle, and with his horrible 18 HP, he won't be surviving anyways, which means that I can throw Thunder Rods at him all day long with no real repercussions.  His actual attack pattern consists of a turn which is clearly 66% chance of using Fight, and 33% chance of using Blizzard, and then a second turn using El Nino.  With Gold equipment resisting Water, and the use of Wall rings for Shell, El Nino can be survived, and Blizzard sucks anyways, although it slows Terra (I'm pretty sure Locke has Sprint Shoes).  I also gave Terra a Guard Ring so that she can survive his physical attacks.  With this setup, as long as I take the time to make sure my characters are always at full HP, I can always survive anything (well, unless he hits Terra critical, but that did not happen, thankfully enough).  If he uses an attack and misses, I get three Thunder Rods off between El Nino, if he hits with an attack, I get two, and if he hits with Blizzard, I get one.

Partway through the battle, I get paranoid and start to use some Potions instead of Dried Meats because I'm concerned about running out.  It turns out that I was wrong to be worried, but I would have only had nine Dried Meats left.  Because Potions heal three quarters of my HP, they are ironically less effective at healing in an LLG.  This means that I can only use them to heal Locke, as Terra loses more than 3/4 HP when Ultros hits her (unless it's Blizzard).  This battle took a long time, and I had to go through nearly an entire stack of Thunder Rods to defeat him (now do you see why I decided to cheat for the cash?  Let's just say that Setzer finally hit it big with the gambling...).  I also sped up the battle, as it's a little repetitive to watch for a whole 20 minutes.  After that, I finally get Relm to come in and then I........Wait, is that SIX HP she has there?  Sorry for the caps lock, but that it just atrocious!  It doesn't matter anyways, but seriously, single digits!  Terra almost has more than that after having just been revived!  Well, anyways, at level 1, Relm doesn't have much chance of Sketching Ultros.  However, Ultros apparently gains a bloodlust against Terra at this point for some reason, and just wants to murder her with Tentacle over and over, so the battle seems to be done here.

PS:  If you've been counting down the low HP character, you'll realize the scary truth...Relm isn't the worst!  You may have already seen the worst already, though, if you've seen another video I made.