I wanted to put all of these together into one video because these are all in a row (and Leo vs Kefka is really short).  I also didn't want to fast forward this because it is not at all repetitive.  If the video is too long, feel free to watch it in multiple sittings.

My party choice here is yet again extremely clear.  I can't choose Celes, Sabin, Edgar or Setzer for my party because I need to recruit them first in the WoR, and if they gain levels here, Mog, Gogo and Umaro will join at a higher level.  I also need to hold off on getting Mog to join until the WoR, as my level average is four now, and by the time I can get him in the WoR, it will be three.  Relm can be in this party if Strago is too, but I can't put her in otherwise.  To be honest, I don't want her anyways.  I do not feel motivated in any way to bring Cyan, and Terra is really slow compared to Locke, and can take less hits.  Gau is required to absorb EXP, but even if he wasn't, I can't imagine doing it without him.  Strago is an important character in this run (not that you'd know it from past experience XD), so he needs the EXP, and I need him to get through this segment too.

Strago starts out equipped for evasion again, for the same reason as when fighting Heartfire.  However, after he gains some levels (and a healthy boost to his magic/MP stat) he can really throw out some damage with Thunder Rods, and I capitalize on this by equipping his Magus Hat and Sprint Shoes.  He can also survive some things, so I give him a Guard Ring as well.  Gau can't equip much, so I just threw on his best stuff, as well as a Guard Ring for protection, and Locke is stacked for defense.

Sky Armors/Spitfires:  Due to the Pincer attack, these guys usually pre-empt me.  Thankfully, they probably can't use Fireball on the first turn, and I usually have 2 Gau turns, 2 Locke turns, and 1 Strago turn before their second turn.  The first battle is by far the hardest; if I make it through that, I can survive more attacks from the later fights, and Strago can deal out some useful damage with the Thunder Rods.  If they ever get a jump on me, any time that I spend healing often ends with death by Fireball.  Fortunately, while they aren't vulnerable to Silence this time, they retain a weakness to percentage damage.  And with the Adamantite Rage, I can use Cyclonic, hitting both sides of the screen and decimating their HP, where I can easily finish them with a Thunder rod.  The down side is that it is a 1/3 chance Gau will use Cyclonic, preferring to use Mega volt instead, which at least hits a weakness and applies Seizure, but doesn't make the quick finish that I need.  This requires some luck to get through, but not terribly much.  I could have kept retrying until I encountered mostly double Sky Armor battles (for less EXP), but this part was mean enough, so I didn't bother.

Ultros IV/Chupon:  Fun fact; this battle almost caused me to give up hope of an LLG when I was doing my regular playthough.  I started to get the feeling at this point that the bosses would just keep getting more powerful while I wasn't getting more options to avoid them due to the game being more balanced, and the WoR bosses seemed to confirm that theory at the time.  But since then, I was able to put the pieces together on A) how to beat this fight in particular, and B) how to go about taking on the rest of the game.

This fight seemed impossible at first because Tentacle (which Ultros uses often) is physical, and Wind slash/El nino are magical, and surviving both just won't happen.  In fact, even with a Magical defense setup, Strago can't live Wind Slash without defending, and Locke needs full HP.  So what could I do about it?  Reraise?  Gau is unreliable, I can't bring Celes, Relm has bad defenses, and nobody else has the MP.  Also, the attacks just come too fast.  I'd be dead in thirty seconds of Chupon + Ultros, even if Locke could cast Reraise indefinitely.  If only I had something like Image to protect me from physical attacks, so that I could focus on healing from the magic attacks, and ignore the physical ones.  Unfortunately, I think that there are only four ways to apply image - A) Shadow/Gogo's Smoke bombs, but I don't have them.  B) Fenrir, but the Esper is in the WoR, and Magicite Shards...I don't need to add that much more luck-reliance into this. C) The Refract Lore, but I'm pretty sure that the only enemies that can teach me Refract are the Red Bat Lady in the Phoenix Cave (the actual name escapes me) and presumably the Witch, as its Rage uses Refract, but that's WoR also.  If any WoB enemies teach Refract, I don't know what they are.  And D) The Image spell, but that's used by WoR's Cerberus Rage. But one of these is possible, and if you want a challenge, try to figure out how I got it before reading the Text Document that contains the rest of the description.

Note from the future: The text document containing the rest of the description no longer exists, unfortunately.  I remember exactly how I got Refract though.  See, Setzer's Joker Doom in vanilla is actually a modified version of Level 5 Death that always connects.  I knew that you could learn Level 5 Death with Strago if he saw Setzer use Joker Doom, not that this is very useful.  However, in BNW, Level 5 Death no longer exists, and it has instead been replaced by the very useful Refract Lore!  In later versions of BNW, Joker Doom no longer casts Refract, but in this ancient version, it does.

Unfortunately, the rest of the description, containing the rest of the description for Ultros/Chupon and Air Force, is lost to time.  Don't care much about Air Force since Gau is invincible once Laser Gun and Missile Bay are gone, but it's unfortunate to lose Ultros/Chupon since that fight was tense.  I can say that Cephalid Rage was chosen for its Slowing attack that I won't name and Water immunity, while Spike is used to inflict Seizure on Chupon while having a Wind immunity IIRC.  Near the end, I pushed damage more aggressively since I figured it would be enough and stalling wasn't foolproof.  The fact that MT Tentacles can remove Image from multiple characters at once and Wind Slash needs to be Defended mean that we don't have many turns to spare here.