I did this battle without Reraise b̶e̶c̶a̶u̶s̶e̶ ̶I̶ ̶w̶a̶s̶ ̶b̶e̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶a̶n̶ ̶i̶d̶i̶o̶t̶ ̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶f̶o̶r̶g̶o̶t̶ ̶t̶o̶ ̶b̶u̶y̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ S̶e̶r̶a̶p̶h̶ ̶m̶a̶g̶i̶c̶i̶t̶e̶ ̶i̶n̶ ̶T̶z̶e̶n̶. because I'm a boss and decided I wanted an extra challenge. Anyways, because I have a feeling that this video is going to be the one everybody will flock to watching, I would just like to say that everything from Number 024 through the IAF (save possibly Ultros III) was more difficult and interesting than this fight.  Especially Heartfire.  Not that this one was boring, by any means, but not nearly as cool as those.

Atma Weapon feels more like a traditional LLG than most fights thus far.  I generally end up dodging or simply eating most of his attacks, and not worrying too much about my HP.  Magnitude 8 and Quake are ignored due to the Float status which I'm careful about keeping up at all times.  His physical attacks are surprisingly weak, and I actually live one at one point, but it's not worth healing for because his attacks miss often with my high evasion.  Full Power, Raze, and something else I know I'm forgetting right now only hit one character, so I just heal from that and move on (which is easy to do because this party is fast).  Attacks like Gravity bomb and Graviga only cut my HP.  In other words, they do nothing to bother me at all.  These attacks make up most of his moveset, so his power ends up being mostly meaningless.  There are some dangers, though.  Flare star, which he uses at about half HP, deals damage based on the level of a character randomly chosen from my group.  If it's Locke or Gau, it deals too much damage and I die.  If it's Shadow or Celes, I live.  I also have to immediately Slow him again when he flashes, because he applies Haste, and when he's actually keeping up with me he's quite deadly. Fortunately, he only uses Flare Star once, so it's one 50-50 shot, and I can live with that (though with Reraise, I'd live it for sure).  Shadow gets first priority for attacking, as he's stronger once Safe/Shell are applied to Atma, and less likely to run out of ammo.  This is also a good reason why he shouldn't spend the time using Smoke Bombs on other characters.  However, the real reason why I didn't is because the original, where they only work on Shadow, is so hardcoded into my head that I never thought to try using them on anybody else!  I think that this realization may have saved me from a couple of restarts somewhere, but overall it's not a huge deal because I just used Refract instead most of the time. Meteo is also dangerous, and if it hits my entire party, I'm dead.  It presumably still has a low hit rate, though, and my characters have at least decent magic evasion, so realistically, it should have almost no chance of doing that.  Which is why it did twice of course, right next to the end of the battle, too, for maximum trollage.  In comparison, I don't believe Purge (which I'd guess has a normal hit rate) ever hit all four characters.  Mind Blast also has a small chance of killing me; if it happens to slip between my selection and my attack with a character throwing an Ice Rod (unlikely, since I'm so much faster), confuses me (also unlikely.  I never got hit with any statuses at all in this run, let alone confuse), and they happen to use the Ice Rod on my party instead of just one person (50-50 chance), then I die.  And guess what, that happened too (I suppose there's an OOTS reference I could use here about million to one odds...)  All in all, a battle that should have taken two or three tries ended up taking about a dozen.  But the irony is, I can't even complain (more than I already have), because the good luck I got in the Tentacles battle either equalled or surpassed the bad luck I got here!

This party is built for speed, magic power, evasion and magic evasion, meaning that White Capes are great here (they protect against some statuses, too).  Sprint shoes also kick butt.  I actually showed my equipment selection at the end on this one (albeit without Shadow).

One could make an argument for using Terra here because she has Dispel.  She could also get better Magic evade than the guys, she's level 3 (so Flare Star would be less likely to kill me), and she has Morph.  However, her magical offense abilities don't shine at her level, and she's far slower.  Both choices are probably quite even, this is just the one I chose.