The escape from the Floating Continent is a timed segment, which could normally be a huge issue in an LLG, but the creators went for a cinematic approach (which is awesome, BTW) rather than making it difficult.  The Bat Ladies go down in one turn from each character (and I only have three because it's not worth my time descending the FC to remove Celes from my party), and they always attack last (well, technically they attack first, which I can tell from the delay before my command box comes up, but that's just for game mechanic purposes, and can't hurt me).  But why is this segment worth uploading?  Well, Nimfu drops 10 000 EXP, and normally, this EXP would fall on Celes' head, right where I don't want it, because Mog, Gogo and Umaro will end up with higher levels as well.  Everybody except Celes gets blown away by Nimfu's OP Ultima spell, which she survives due to being invincible.  This battle is scripted so that Nimfu dies after four hits, so I hit him three times to advance the text.  I also cast Slow to give myself more time to revive Gau.  After reviving Gau, I have Celes hit herself with the Morning Star, which may or may not have a higher chance of activating instant death with that Mystery Veil on.  She will always hit herself due to the Black Belt.  This instant death cuts through the invincibility, so Celes can die.  Gau finishes him off with Cephalid because that's the first rage that I noticed which always attacks.  And so, Gau levels up to 16.  In other words, I really don't want to use him again to preserve the "low level" part to the challenge.  I'm only going to use him to absorb EXP from now on.  This is actually slightly nitpicky, as with Gau's bad defenses, he's not broken even with all the HP he has, and by the time I get him back, any extra offensive capabilities he has won't matter.  Even with 7 HP left, he's easily capable of taking that last fight on his own, although I panic and revive Locke for some reason even though I should have known I could kill it with two Ice Rods.  His only stat boost available is Stamina, so his Stamina is now really high, not that it matters much, except for one fight later.

Phunbaba 1:  And with that, we're in the WoR, which is definitely the easier half of the game.  Most bosses in the WoR were beaten on the first or second try, as I can get some really good defensive possibilities at this point.  Phunbaba was really easy, and this was actually pretty sloppy, as I probably should have been using Pummel instead of attacking, and I fail to set seizure for several turns.  Still, with Mute and the fact that he can barely scratch Celes with double Guard Rings, this is one of the few fights that's definitely easier than the original game.

PS:  Pretty much the only thing I've ever used Storm for...