This was probably the sloppiest battle in the run, partly because this attempt was my second one and I was mostly just trying to figure out what the dangers were before a real attempt.  The most obvious mistake was that I never bothered to equip the new equipment that I had bought in South Figaro/Nikeah.  I could have given Celes the Diamond Kite for a small defense bonus, as well as the Diamond Vest for an evasion/speed bonus in return for magic defense, which is useless because she can't survive anything magical, I think.  Sabin could have chosen either the Dark Gear for a minor defense and speed bonus, or the Diamond Vest for lots more defense (sacrificing evade).  I also could have chosen to give them Reflect Rings (I have the second, now) instead of Sprint Shoes, and I think that would have bought me more turns.  Finally, Edgar's survivability wasn't too much worse than Sabin's, and I probably should have taken the turns to keep him alive, especially because Celes would be able to survive the Tentacle attacks that way.  It didn't matter anyways, as this is one of those "better lucky than good" attempts.  Sabin's evasion is 68%, which should have made him dodge slightly more than half the attacks coming his way, but I'm pretty sure he avoided way more than that (Grab misses for sure, though, thanks to the Sprint Shoes).  Celes has 42% evasion, which likewise, manages to stop probably over half of the attacks coming towards her.  In particular, the two Tentacles attacks that came before the first three Tentacles died needed to be dodged, or I wouldn't have recovered.  I Flash the Tentacles with Edgar, and then let him die.  I then just focused on healing with Sabin, and Runicing with Celes.  Thankfully, they let Celes keep up with Runic at all times, while still wasting a lot of turns with spells, and also used Grab a lot, though I don't know whether they're just programmed to do that.  Given that they didn't use Seize (and they did on my first test run), I can guess that is a counterattack from a couple of them.  If I had Reflect Rings on, I could have Celes do things as well, and I could easily get Edgar on his feet, making this much simpler, although I'd have to worry about Slow status.  Once three Tentacles are dead, I relieve Celes of her Runic duties temporarily, and have her heal up, although this almost kills me.  Unfortunately, she can Runic Thunder Rods as well (which I accidently do once, derp), so I can't use Runic to avoid the Poison counters.  I keep trying to use Runic to avoid Bio, but it doesn't use it too much, and I mostly just waste time.  At one point, I'm waiting for its attack so that I can recover from it quickly and launch a counterattack, but it waits a really long time for some reason (so there may be nothings in the attack script).  I get extremely lucky here, too, as both Celes and Sabin dodge a Poison spell, with 26% and 12% Magic evasion respectively!  This battle could have gone very wrong, but it didn't, so that's good enough for me.