This battle takes a lot longer without the HFB's.  Equipment is pretty important, so I show it at the start.  I want enough magic defense for both Edgar and Celes to survive Absolute Zero, or it is likely to lead to a game over.  They both had double Wall Rings to maximize magical protection.  I gave Celes a Diamond Vest instead of Gold Armor because it gives a small boost to Speed/Evasion instead of Magic Defense.  This comes back to bite me in the butt when I get hit by Ice 3, as Celes is killed just barely.  Thankfully, it missed Edgar, and with Reflect on Sabin and Setzer, they're safe too.  Since Absolute Zero can only kill two people, and Ice 3 can only kill two, I'm reasonably safe.  Sabin and Setzer are built for maximum power, as defenses won't help them survive much.  If they don't die from Dullahan's last attack, it's because it didn't hit them.  

Rods aren't very useful here, thanks to his high Magic Defense, meaning that I go for physical attacks and hope they do a random casting (Sabin and Setzer are flat out stronger anyways).  After seeing how many attacks he evaded, I'm thinking that Rods might have been more efficient for Edgar/Celes.  Setzer is my MVP here, as his Daryl's Soul allows him to deal out over 1000 damage per turn (more than Hadoken).  Of course, that's only if he hits every time, which is pretty rare.  He can also use Go Fish to heal the entire party, after Absolute Zero, to avoid a zombie killing somebody off.  It's not enough health to survive another Absolute Zero, though, so they still need healing.  I'm pretty anal about keeping Celes at full health so that she has a possibility of surviving an MT Ice 3, but this is ultimately a waste of time.  Giga Volt hits Celes an inane number of times as well, which is pretty annoying.  Even when Celes survives Giga Volt, I regrettably have to let her die because I would prefer she dies from Seizure right away when I can easily revive her, rather than having her die after the next Absolute Zero and having less chance of surviving.  Setzer is first priority for attacking, so he attacks even when somebody needs healing.  There are some close calls in this fight, but overall, it's not too hard.  This is one of the few fights left which is more fun and not tedious without the HFB's.