Fast-forwarded for your viewing convenience.

I show my equipment setup right before this battle again.  I probably could have done better with this one.  Even without going out of my way to grab really good armor hidden in other dungeons, like Force equipment and the Thunder Shield, I could have at least gotten the Diamond Mail I missed in South Figaro, and bought the Crystal equipment everywhere.  I also apparently missed the "Flash" part of Flash Rain, as I equipped some Gold stuff to defend against it, when Diamond (resists Lightning) would have been fine.  These issues aren't a big deal though, because I can survive Flash Rain without defending (albeit just barely, Celes was never left with more than 3 HP).  However, the best buyable equipment may have allowed me to survive ST Bolt 2's or physical attacks towards Edgar/Celes, even though those weren't too big a deal.  Setzer and Sabin are equipped for offense, and the Nirvana Band on Sabin allows him to heal more, because it apparently increases everything by 25%, even healing items (I wonder if it also affects HFB's).  Setzer and Sabin don't quite hit the numbers they were dealing against Dullahan, but Chadarnook also has less evasion, so it evens out.  He's weak to Holy, so Spirit Claws are the way to go, and the Demonbane does quite well too.  Phantasm seems really weird.  I know that in the original, it applied a status which acted like Seizure, but was called HP Drain.  In this battle, it seems like when a character survives long enough with the status on, they lose the status and become immune to Phantasm somehow.  By the end of this fight, Celes/Edgar are immunized in this way, and I take advantage of that to let them heal instead of defending.  I actually threw some Revivifies at them as well, which seems silly, but here's my chain of thought.  Against Dullahan, when they were zombified, they still had the Seizure status from Giga Volt.  However, when I used the Revivify, the Seizure was removed with the Zombie.  Long story short, it didn't work when they weren't zombified first, but it was worth a shot.  At least, I'm pretty sure it had nothing to do with this, because the HP Drain status persisted for a while after I used the Revivifies.  While the status was on them, though, they need to defend a lot, because they can barely survive Flash Rain at full HP, so if they're not defending with HP Drain on, Flash Rain will wipe out my party.  Other than HP Drain, this battle is fairly similar to Dullahan, with two characters surviving reflectable spells and two tanking Flash Rain, although the former isn't as dangerous here.  It's humorous how much the preparation matters; just compare how much damage Setzer/Sabin takes from Flash Rain (kills them nine times over) to how much Edgar/Celes take (not even half HP while defending).  Condemned is slightly dangerous here, as I don't want a character dying from it at an inopportune moment.  To remedy this, I sometimes take advantage of Lakshmi's OHKO counterattack, as the battle isn't dangerous when she's out, so that's a good time to heal.  However, most of these counterattacks just come from me pushing buttons too fast and not caring.  Setzer's Go Fish is amazing, here, because Dried Meats don't quite heal my tanks to full, so this can fill in the gaps.  Setzer also deals the best damage.  Ironically, as you will soon see if you haven't already, despite how much people like him in a normal playthrough, Sabin is probably the third most useless character in an LLG (ahead of only Umaro and Cyan).  That will be even more true when I start fully using HFB's, in which case he will finally be thrown out of the party for good.