In the last video's description, I alluded to there being a tough boss in this video.  That isn't actually true, as I forgot I had these guys recorded first.

Tonberry:  This guy has two attacks.  One is Step Mine, an attack that does damage based on how many steps I've taken.  And I've taken a lot of steps, so this is instant death by a long shot.  He's also got Shank, which he'll use for a few turns at the front and then teleport to the back again.  This destroys me easily if it hits, too.  Since these are both single target attacks, I can just revive as needed.  He can even be silenced to remove Step Mine, but I never read the Printme on him, so I didn't know that before the fight.  Fortunately, Hadoken apparently silences things, and that just happened to kick in halfway through the fight.  I used this battle to show an incredibly gimmicky strat involving boosting Sabin/Celes' Vigor really high, giving them fire-elemental weapons, and berserk status.  Their damage is actually pretty decent, even at level 3.  Just imagine how much they'd be doing at regular levels!  Edgar with the Fire Lance is no slouch either.  Setzer is sitting back and healing on this one.  This strategy is slightly risky, because if Setzer gets shanked, and then Edgar comes back down and gets offed by Step Mine, I would probably lose.  Once Tonberry got muted, though, he was toast. I'm not going to show Master T, because he's the same boss, just with two shanks instead of one.  I just nuked him with HFB's, Mute, and Vanish.

Doom Gaze:  I'm not sure if this battle even contributed anything towards killing him.  I tried fighting him in bits and pieces for quite a while on my first playthrough, but he just wouldn't die, so I'm assuming he restores his HP after battle.  I showed it anyways, though, just in case.  I didn't want to use my HFB's here because I was conserving for other bosses.  I'm lucky that Wind Slash got dodged, as I had no defense against it.  The only real thing of note about this fight is that Doom Gaze literally spawned on the exact space my airship was on.  I used rewind to check it out, and I could turn any direction, and try to move, and I'd end up in a Doom Gaze encounter.  Considering how many spaces there are on the map, that's a really huge coincidence!  BTW, thanks for the Doom Gaze finder!  When I'm actually looking for him, that's a lifesaver!

Just for the record, at this point I'm forced to do a little more cheating to save hours of my life.  I could farm more HFB's by stealing Gum Pods from Veldt enemies (and maybe something more common), and bet them at the Coliseum to get more HFB's, but that would take ages to do.  In fact, I did get the first stack that I used legit.  That just takes far too long, though, so I modified the shop in Albrook to sell HFB's, which means that I can just buy them with the infinite money cheat code that I used earlier.  Again, this doesn't modify boss fights or what you'll see on screen; it's all possible if you wanted to spend the time on it.