This is one of the more challenging fights in the WoR.  Though admittedly, it's mostly because of the timing.  If I were to fight him with several sets of Genji Equipment and a couple more Iceguards he would have been really simple to beat.

My equipment is pretty much exclusively assigned for defense, because most of his attacks are physical.  Setzer and Mog are able to bypass his Snowstorm attack through my lone Iceguard and the Snow Muffler respectively.  Mog is my only character who can equip the Snow Muffler, and Setzer is needed because Go Fish's MT healing is very helpful.  Umaro's attacks are normally bone-crushingly powerful, but with the Crystal Gear and some Guard Rings they do reasonably little damage to Edgar/Celes.  With the Snow Muffler/Iceguard, Mog/Setzer can't take quite as much punishment, since they lose some defense from having them equipped, and every point matters once you're over 200 defense.  In this fight you can really feel a ginormous reduction of damage to what Umaro would be hitting against the average equipped party.  The first phase isn't too bad; he'll throw out some attacks and maybe a Snowstorm every now and then.  There's not much chance of him piercing my defenses yet.  At one point, things are going badly here thanks to a mis-spun slot, but it's not too hard to recover yet.  However, in his second phase he'll double the amount of attacks thrown at me.  At this point, I need to be careful, and I spend the time defending with Setzer/Mog when they aren't needed for healing.  This means that Umaro can throw out a Snowstorm, and a few hits, and I can just retaliate by using a Phoenix Down with Mog and then heal the party with Setzer's Go fish, likely having three characters at full HP.  I should have all four people on their feet before his next turn.  He could technically kill off Setzer if Umaro hits him three times after a Snowstorm, but that's not likely.  Indeed, sometimes he chooses not to hit me at all.  That's my plan, anyways, but I fought him late at night, so I made mistakes all over the place, the most noticeable of which was failing hardcore at the slots.  About 33% of the time, I spun a 7 as planned, which guarantees a Go Fish, 33% of the time I spun a Go Fish through luck, and about 33% I spun an attack which ended up wasting my time or provokes a counter.  Earlier attempts had those odds at about 80%, 10%, 10% respectively.  Setzer ends up dying from a Takedown at one point because of this, but thankfully I recovered due to Umaro being kind and deciding not to attack much for a while.  Edgar is my best tank, thanks to his 6 extra natural defense (I believe this was the only difference between him and Celes, actually), so he is first priority for reviving.  I only realized that I should do that about halfway through, though, and I revived Celes first at the beginning thanks to her better speed.  I figured Flash was worth using this time thanks to my long periods of down time trying to stay alive. Also, when he goes into his second phase, he applies Haste to himself, so Slow is a necessity.  Overall, this fight isn't too complicated, but it's still difficult and fast-paced.