It's time for some rematches, and they aren't going to turn out any different.

Phunbaba:  This is probably the easiest fight since the freaking Magitek Armor battle, so I take the time to mess around a bit, and show off Umaro.  Umaro, at level 8, actually has more HP than level 19 Gau, although that's factoring in the HP boost from his Snow Scarf.  He can also hit 600-700 damage with his tackle, which isn't too bad.  However, he's really slow, has no healing capabilities, he can't use HFB's, his defenses are horrible (and can't be improved), and his grasp of the English language is really poor.  Don't expect to see Umaro again.  Wait, was this supposed to be about Phunbaba?

Doom Gaze:  Before the battle, I show off the snazzy Doom Gaze finder that was implemented in this hack.  Yay for not needing to search!  Doom Gaze is considerably more threatening than Phunbaba.  He uses Doom, which often kills somebody (my low Stamina doesn't help), strong Wind elemental attacks, and Thunder elemental attacks as well.  My first battle of this video is better prepared than the battle several videos ago, but still not well enough.  Mog has a Reflect Ring to take care of the Thunder, and the Snow Muffler to take care of the Wind, so he's all set.  The physical attacks and, well, Doom Gaze, are the only real threats to him.  Gogo is set up with things that boost his speed and evasion, which is why he has two Dragoon Seals (20% evasion and +5 speed per Dragoon Seal).  He's also got a Thunder Guard, which stacks his speed even higher.  He's also got enough evasion to be pretty much impervious to regular attacks/Doom Gaze, and some magic evasion, so he dodges the Wind moves sometimes.  Celes/Edgar don't have quite enough Magic Defense to survive properly in the first fight, and the attempt at Thunder resistance didn't help at all.  However, Doom Gaze was kind enough to run away and give me time to prepare, so I took the equipment setup to the next level by raiding the Fanatics' Tower for its Force Armor, and giving Celes the Light Robe.  She still could have benefitted from a Circlet, but whatever.  With his spells being significantly less effective, the second fight went better, but he still managed to bring me close to death (everybody had 0HP at one point) because his Doom Gaze counters went together well with his Doom spells, and made it hard to recover.  I should probably have made Mog first priority for reviving, as he's incredibly safe when not attacking.  Slots on Gogo helps with covering that last bit of HP on Edgar/Celes that the Dried Meat doesn't manage.  Smoke bombs would have been a waste of turns, as Gogo's evasion was high enough anyways, and I didn't know I could use them on other characters.