Five dragons in a row.

Red D:  Because I actually prepared for this fight, he ended up even easier than the Ice Dragon.  Two characters with high defense, plus one with high evasion, plus Strago who Refracts himself means that the dragon's physical attacks are nigh worthless.  His Fire attacks also do nothing to three characters thanks to the magic of Flameguards/Royal Jacket.  Everything else I saw was ST, meaning an easy win.  Most of the way through the battle, I start to get paranoid that he might have Flare Star (after he uses Flare), so I start to cast Reraise at that point just in case.  It never rears its ugly head, though, so Reraise just wastes my time.  If you notice, when the dragon died, it never dropped its item, which is because of an issue with it gaining Reraise (I think).  I combatted glitches with cheating, though, and used ZSNES to playback the replay to the point where I applied Reraise, then stopped the replay and finished the fight without it. This nets me a Dragon Hide, which is extremely important later, thanks to it being part of Strago's ultimate Magic Defense setup.  I already mentioned this glitch to BTB, but figured I'd mention it here, too for interest's sake.

Blue D:  He was also not too difficult.  I raised Magic Defense as high as possible on everybody except Gogo (who wouldn't survive anyways for obvious reasons), but I also used some Gold equipment and the Gator Hide to defend against water.  His attacks are still reasonably powerful, though, and I doubt this setup would have been enough to withstand Tsunami completely, which I was lucky enough not to see.  I use the Thunderguard on Strago because his turns using Refract are quite valuable, so he needs all the speed he can get (this is a time where using Smoke Bombs on everybody would have helped me).  This fight went pretty smoothly, albeit with some derps relating to me not noticing my image running out sometimes.  The Zantetsuken is pretty much the ultimate stat stick (BTB, you've got me using that term now XD) for an LLG, giving speed, Evade and Magic Evade.

Purple D: Not as much of a joke as the Red/Silver dragons, but still ineffective.  Since Crystal, my elemental resistor of choice, is better than Gold (and the Dragon Hide is better than the Gator Hide), my Magic Defense is higher than the last fight, and he has nothing threatening as far as I know.  Slow is defeated with Remedies, although I might have waited until my characters were asleep and killed two birds with one stone.  Maybe I could have also made use of Haste to remove it and get a speed buff in the process, too.  It doesn't really matter, though, this guy is shredded.  And for winning, I get another Force Armor.  Every dragon's a winner XD.