Brown D:  This guy is mostly simple, but with Quasar (and maybe Meteor, too?  I can't remember...) providing a complication.  I decided to bring a team built around speed to this fight because his ground attacks can be prevented with Float, so Magic Defense isn't a worry.  The extra turns are very helpful for keeping Reraise on my characters, although I didn't see the deadly spells anyways.  With the Dark equipment, I get an obscene amount of turns between his, so he can counterattack and I have time to recover before his turn, usually.  I also have great evasion as a side-effect.  This ends up going very quickly because he wastes a lot of time with his ground attacks, and the rest of his turns are spent using ST attacks, half of which fail.  Although he could have messed me up with his dangerous attacks, it's likely I would have had plenty of time to make a recovery.  For winning, I earn my first Force Shield, which is necessary for my ultimate magic defenses.  And I will need all the magic defenses I can get towards the end.

White D:  Wow, a dragon that ended up being pretty hard.  The problem is that a Magic Defense team would be more likely to eat Quasars, as the battle would run on longer, but a Speed team would die more easily to the MT magic like Virite and Starlight.  I settled for a happy medium, with Celes tanking spells and everybody else being built for speed.  Fortunately, these spells can be dodged, which my speed team does with surprising regularity.  However, if they started failing their saving throws, my team could be wiped out.  Fortunately, again I'm lucky enough not to see Quasar somehow.  He can restore HP sometimes, but it's not overly threatening when my HFB's do enough to counter it and my characters take so many turns.  In hindsight, Locke could have spent some turns throwing Poison Rods, as the Poison weakness would mean some great damage from the Poison status, and the Poison Rods themselves would probably be just shy of 1000 damage with the Rogue Cloak.  Weirdly enough, Relm manages to dodge nearly every physical attack that comes her way, while Locke gets murdered left and right.  This is strange because Locke's evasion is much higher.  This battle went about as well as I could have hoped for.  For winning, I get the Longinus, which may yet end up being useful.