Katanasoul: I think he has some weak magic attacks, like scrolls, so I brought my Magical tanks to deal with them.  I didn't want them to risk counterattacks because I wanted them at full health if he were to bother with his scrolls.  I could have used Reraise to survive Gil Toss, but using a well-timed Phantom instead was both easier and more interesting.  I'm assuming Gil Toss is on a timer or at a specific point in the attack cycle, since I was able to time it like that.  Once Phantom is applied, counterattacks are no worry and I can just go nuts on him.

Dream Stooges:  Hahaha, this battle is hilarious!  On a side note, my ZSNES recording would only do a phantom replay, so I quickly redid the battle in front of the camera, which is why I knew how to use Smoke Bombs on other characters.  Weirdly enough, while it was second nature to have Gogo use a Smoke Bomb on Shadow (who can also use them), it took a while to occur to me that a Smoke Bomb on Celes might help too. XD Old habits die hard, I guess.  Not that it matters, because the Stooges special attacks are able to cut through Image, meaning they always hit.  Celes was never hit with a regular attack anyways, I think.  Reflect Rings help Shadow and Gogo survive the Stooges spells, and although the Stooges can Reflect spells off of themselves, the reflected spells are ST and therefore not dangerous.  In the first phase of the fight, Moe and Larry will attack Curly with counterattacks, and this can be fully abused by hitting the Stooge that just counterattacked, causing them to hit Curly some more.  Not that this was a conscious choice or anything, considering that the HFB's target randomly.  The Stooges deal decent damage to each other, considering my damage output without HFB's.  After Curly dies, Moe unfortunately still has his counterattack primed, which retargets and hits me instead.  In the second phase, the stooges pretty much just attack each other, and I continue to make use of the counterattacks.  I finished off Moe pretty much right after Larry disappeared.  Finally, I'm up against Larry alone.  After a while, I don't even bother with the menu trick and just hold A.  It's not a difficult battle, but it's still complex and awesome.