Finally, finally, it's time to break out something very appropriate for a battle against the master of magic.  What I'm referring to is this game's ultimate magic defensive setups (for Celes and Strago at least.  I can still one-up this, but there will be yet another more appropriate time to break that out).  This reduces even endgame damage to survivable levels.  This makes the main issue in this battle Quasar, which is why I keep Reraise on Celes and Strago at all times.  Somehow, he is yet another boss who has it but never threw any at me.  Strago's turns are valuable, so I Haste him as well.  Strago is important because he is the one character who can Scan Magimaster to find his weakness, and he also does the most damage in a single turn.  This is important, as he'll counter HFB's with Elixirs, so they're a waste of time.  Don't count Locke out, though, as he does more damage overall.  At level 9, having the oh-so-conveniently placed (for my purposes) Rogue Cloak, and an insane Speed stat (77 with Haste, or maybe that was Shadow), he is my best mage out of all my characters.  Rods are the best source of my damage again, as they are elemental thankfully, and so I need plenty of all of them.  Relm and Celes can't pull off the same numbers as the guys, so they are first priority for buffing.  Terra might be worth bringing for Scan, but she's slow, weak and doesn't have Reraise, so that would be silly of me.  

At the beginning of the battle, it's a good idea to Slow Magimaster, as an Elixir doesn't matter at this point because I haven't done much damage.  Partway through, I get the feeling that he has lost his Slow status, so I re-apply it.  While I wasn't wrong, it was still a stupid move because he may have used an Elixir.  Overkill is exactly what it says on the tin, but not really dangerous.  When Relm and Celes aren't buffing, they can throw rods.  However, I really don't want to run out of any kind, so my plan is to stop having Relm throw a particular Rod below 50, and Celes stops below 25.  The chance of any kind even getting to 50 was really low though.  I get extremely lucky for the first half of the battle, as he constantly picks one of the element that I can exploit with Rods.  Most ridiculously of all, I throw a rod too quickly with Strago, and he Wallchanges before it goes off.  However, he chooses the Ice element again, meaning that I not only not waste the turn throwing the rod, but I also don't need to Scan him, meaning that I get massive damage off in that time.  That is just insane luck.  He seems to really hate Ice element a lot, lol.  In the second half of the battle, he goes about 50-50 with exploitable elements.  Ground is utterly worthless, as I can't use it.  I never bothered figuring out how to learn Aero or Tsunami (which was stupid on Aero's part, as Gau can use it, as is clearly labelled in the ReadMe).  This means that I can't exploit Wind, and Aqua Rake has half Tsunami's power, so really all it does is tie over his Regen for a bit.  Holy would be exploitable if I taught Celes Holy, but I figured it would cost me more time to bother teaching it than to do the battle without it.  Fortunately, this guy has nothing on Number 024, as my Magic Defense make nearly everything survivable, and I have a more consistent form of damage, so Regen doesn't affect me much.

And with that, all of the WoR bosses outside of Kefka's Tower are complete, excluding Hidon, who may or may not come eventually.