This is a really cool battle.  It takes the boss rush idea from vanilla, but makes it fun so that we actually care.  The main parts to focus on are his first phase and his last.  I'll get to the reason why Gau's here later.

First phase:  Ultros' Tentacle attack returns, and it's one of the few MT physical attacks, which means that it can bypass my usual "defend from magical, revive from physical" method of dealing with WoR bosses.  For the most part, it's used as a counterattack if I hit him a few times in a row.  That gets Celes at one point because I get unlucky and he wipes her Image off beforehand, but it's no biggy.  The main issue is that it's his opening attack, and it will be followed soon by El Nino.  My first few turns are somewhat planned out to survive this.  I can pretty much assume that Tentacle will miss Gau and Shadow, and hit Strago/Celes.  If it hits Gau or Shadow, I just restart, and if it misses Celes or Strago, well, yay.  Gau and Shadow have just enough time to get Strago and Celes on their feet before El Nino, which means I have three characters surviving it (Gau may not have the Magic Defense, but with that HP he's still a good enough tank).  This gives me a decent base to start setting up.  With Refract on, Tentacle is no longer a worry, and Regen works wonders on Gau with that Stamina, so I don't need to use Potions on him.  Shadow can take a dirt nap until the end of this phase, as with El Nino every other turn he's just be another character to revive/use image on, and it's not worth it.  On Gau, I opted for the better stats of the Moogle Hide instead of the Gator Hide's Water resistant properties, because he can tank El Nino fairly well anyways.  I deal damage carefully to make sure I'm prepared for the next Tentacle counterattack.  Once Ultros is done for, it's time for Soul Train.

Middle phases:  Soul Train doesn't have much.  Evil Toot could probably Berserk everybody, effectively leading to my doom, but if that happened, I'd start avoiding thunderstorms because my luck would just be that bad.  FARK is no big deal, so the damage comes quickly and I can slip through each phase from here on out quite fast.  I also revive Shadow here to take advantage of his speed.

Dadaluma:  Unfortunately, this is why I'm forced to bend my rules and bring Gau to this fight.  The Androids that he summons give EXP, and no combination of other characters can absorb it.  Shadow levels up just barely when given 1/4 of the EXP, Setzer levels just barely taking 1/3 of it, Strago levels just barely taking 1/2, and Umaro can't take all of the EXP (not that he could do this by himself...).  The reason why this is bending my rules is because I could theoretically get through the fight without EXP if I never kill the Androids, but this means I can't use HFB's because I can't target them.  Between his tankiness (a Thunder Rod from Strago does a whopping 500), Regen, HP (about 25 500 for each phase), and his final phase, which would almost surely do me in after the roughly 2 hours it would take to get there, it's just too much to handle.  So I took the easy way out. :P As for Dadaluma himself, I think this part of the fight is hilarious, between the Androids and the Spoons.  Celes could have tanked his jump if she were at full HP, but she wasn't.  The main goal of this part is to finish him before he Spoons you, which isn't too difficult, but somebody often has to be revived from his jump.

Cranes/Doom Gaze:  Nothing in particular to see here.  My usual tactics don't have a lot of holes here.  I deliberately set up Reraise on Gau for later, and deliberately avoid setting up Reraise on the others.  Gau needs to be the only one alive at the end to take the EXP.

Final Phase:  Here's where things get somewhat trickier.  He'll take one turn before he uses Quasar, but that's it.  Before he uses that, you need to deal just under 25 500 HP so that he'll die in one hit from Gau (Were you wondering why I knew that number earlier, BTB?  I needed a test run with save states to to work it out).  For somebody who grew up in the age with calculators, my mental math skills are thankfully pretty decent, but if you're wondering why I'm taking my sweet time in the menus, it's because I'm thinking about that as well as my next move.  Because HFB's are random, it's sort of like playing Blackjack.  Unfortunately, while my math skills are good, my gambling skills aren't, and I  drew a face card right before 21 on several attempts.  I only have one turn with Gau before he probably wipes me.  In other words, I'm fairly certain that Guardian has a 20, which means I need to pull 21 or I'm screwed.  Fortunately, if I get some high cards right away (like this time, 8K damage, woot), I can sneak in the extra aces I have up my sleeve, and whittle down the last of his HP with Throw and Thunder Rods.  After the battle, I receive "15 magic points," which I cash in at the casino's...okay, I probably just took the metaphor too far...