It's time to stomp one last dragon!  This is where the cracks in my Magic Defense actually begin to show, but since it's so close to the end of the game, those cracks will never be fully realized.  However, Strago does bite the dust if some of Kaiser's more powerful attacks are used, and I forgot to bet a Genji Armor into another Force Armor before this fight.  This means that I have the Minerva equipped to Terra instead, which doesn't have quite the same Magic Defense, so many attacks which the Minerva doesn't outright nullify are able to finish her off.  Kaiser can't really get to Edgar and Celes, though, so I'm fairly safe.  There is no reason to bring any speed characters to this fight, since Kaiser really enjoys his MT magic spells, so a speed character will need to be revived often.  It helps that he doesn't have any defense piercing abilities like Quasar, except Holy, which is ST (and reflectable for that matter, which chips in several times).  I try to get Image on every character before they attack, to avoid unnecessary deaths to Bonebreak.  This means the characters without image should be doing any healing that I need, whether MP or HP.  At one point his attacks come together and none of my characters are on their feet at decent HP, so I use an X-Potion, which speeded up my recovery quite a bit.  He has a wide range of attacks, but most of them aren't too bad.  Attacks that inflict Seizure, though, are a serious pain in the butt, and it's really annoying when he wipes out all my buffs.  Tsunami is probably the nastiest of his MT magic, as it is quite powerful and not nullified by Terra.  I don't have much of a speed advantage on Kaiser, but nor does he have one on me, so I can take my time and make sure I'm not going to die before attacking.  HFB's don't seem as powerful as they used to seem, and take quite a while to deplete his HP.  They probably deal about 1K-2K on average, when most of my characters could deal (at the levels of my first playthrough) about 4K per turn, with Terra/Gogo dealing 8-10K (maybe not as much against Kaiser though, his defenses are pretty thick).

BTW, another fun fact:  Remember how I mentioned that the Ultros/Chupon battle made me begin to lose hope for an LLG?  It was a month ago, probably, so it's not as if I blame you if you don't remember.  This battle was, strangely enough, the battle that made me believe it was possible again, because it was the first time that I tried out that double Wall Ring+Refract strategy, and saw just how little damage he was doing (he couldn't even outpace a normal game's Regen).  That was when all the pieces fell into place for the entirety of the WoR, so I knew that if I could just get past everything from the Cranes through the Tentacles, I'd be able to tackle the rest.