We've made it to the first (and hardest) of the statues.

Myria has plenty of attacks that are pretty dangerous.  The most obvious of these is Flare Star, and unlike Atma/Atma Weapon, she'll use it whenever she pleases.  This by itself isn't too bad; I can just use Reraise to protect myself (and half the time it will select Gogo/Celes for the damage formula, failing to kill anybody but Gogo).  However, this creates some other issues as well.  First of all, since Overcast causes characters to become zombies when they die, Reraise won't kick in to save me.  This means that I have to have characters protected from zombie in order to survive Flare Star.  Strago has the Death Ward equipped, which gives him Shell and 10 Magic Defense, so it is almost enough to give him his ultimate Magic Defense setup.  With the Wind resistance that the Dragon Hide gives, he can survive both Aero and Virite, so I'm good in that regard.  I chose to give Gogo and Locke Ribbons, as their speed will drop only slightly from the loss of the relic slot, whereas Celes will take around 3x as much damage from magic attacks if she loses hers.  This allows me to prevent zombie without losing too many other advantages.  The other issue from Flare star is that I can't really bring just magic defenders to the fight, because they will have more trouble keeping up with Flare Star and doing damage, and my speed characters are mostly at her mercy.

However, my speed characters do have half decent Magic Evade, and my team is decked out with Flameguards, so when she uses Fire attacks, she pretty much wastes her time.  She also has Tyrfing counterattacks, which cause me to be more cautious with my attacks, so the battle lasts even longer.  I have to be careful when setting up buffs, as Reraise needs to go on before Refract, or it will be reflected.  Shadow would be a bad choice for this fight since he can't equip the Flameguard.  I usually pay little attention to the status effects from Mind Blast, but it is doubly unimportant here because Locke and Gogo are tangentially protected from it by their Ribbons.  She uses it often, too, so this buys me a lot of useful free turns to whale on her.  Strago's MP lasts extra long because he has the Crystal Ball equipped.  Since it has 20 Magic Defense like the Wall Ring, it is basically just a free MP boost.  Even still, this fight is quite long, so I take care to restore his MP when a character gets a turn, but has no Image, so they can't throw an HFB safely.  She has a variety of other attacks which do varying amounts of damage, from Aero which can kill two and inflict Seizure, to Fire attacks like S. Cross which barely scratch me.

Overall, this is a cool fight which requires us to consider a lot of different pieces of strategy.  Done right, dying is unlikely, but doing it right requires some thought beforehand.