This is it.  We're here, at the final fight.

I don't want to speed any of the tiers up, so I decided to upload them separately, even if they aren't too long.  Kefka will be sped up though.  Remember how I said a long time ago that I wouldn't use Step Mine until the point where a 9999 hit coming from one character isn't cheap?  Well, I probably passed that point a long time ago anyways, but now's the time I'm finally going to use it.  HFB's are still great, but 99 isn't enough for this whole battle, and the only other alternatives are really slow.  Imagine doing this with Edgar's Drill XD.

The first phase of this fight does everything wrong to thwart a low levelled party.  It uses lots of ST attacks and percentage damage, as well as ground element attacks and buffs.  I Slow the Head, the most dangerous part, and it practically never moves.  I probably should have set up Float again after some of my characters died, but nothing happened from that, except one death from Gogo, right towards the end.  Shadow is there so that I can easily keep on my feet at the beginning, while setting up.  He moves fast with curative items, and with Knight's Cape + Image he can protect Gogo, allowing him to maximize the amount of turns he gets, and also protect recently KO'd characters who don't have Image.  Because Shadow is doing the healing, and I don't want to waste HFB's yet, Celes and Strago spend most of their times buffing for later phases, particularly the second, which is murder.  Haste, Image and Reraise are helpful to have going in.  In most of my attempts, the Head died last, so I can expect an Avalanche counterattack going into the second phase.  Gogo blocked it here, thank goodness, so his Reraise wasn't wasted.  Shadow is dead meat to the magical attacks of the second phase, so I eliminate him here to make way for Relm later.  I only kill Gogo off to make absolutely sure that I have the time to complete my buffing, but was almost surely a waste of time here (it wasn't always in the past).  Repo Man resists Fire, so I need to scroll all the way down my menu again (sorry about that, BTW, I've left the Rods down there pretty much every time I used them XD).  This phase is mostly about setting up, but the next really isn't.