Lete River battles:  You can't run from the Nautiloids, but you can run from the others, meaning that we have to finish the Nautiloids off and run from the rest.  The physical attacks here are very weak, but a Fireball from the Albatross that appears in a couple encounters will finish off Banon with ease, and indeed, most of the party.  It's not too difficult to get through here still, although I mostly have to avoid using Pummel because it might hit the wrong things.  Edgar is a champ here, as his Bio Blaster will poison the Nautiloids, and his spear hits for full damage from the back row (I could have probably moved Sabin to the front, but whatever).  If Banon is in danger of dying while running (he's the slowest member at running), I could have somebody else throw a Dried Meat or Defend to hang back with him, but I didn't bother.

Ultros:  I turn the battle speed to 1 for this fight, as Seizure is my main form of damage (everything else I can do pales in comparison).  I also turn the Message speed down to six, as Talking is not a Free Action, and this way Ultros spends a lot of time blabbing every turn while Seizure damages him, essentially killing himself with his own dialogue.  This battle boils down to a two turn cycle, where he uses a single target (ST) Tentacle on Sabin, and then a multi target (MT) Tentacle on the party.  Terra is my healer, as Banon should be defending to avoid mistakes on my part.  Thankfully he doesn't hit Banon with an ST Tentacle anymore, although it wouldn't truly affect the rest of the challenge to level the old guy up anyways.  Without Fire, Terra's offensive is squat anyhow.  Edgar occasionally needs to chip in with Dried Meat, as Terra's healing isn't quite good enough, but other than that, the Super Figaro Bros. are on offense.

This is the last fight that's easier than an LLG in the original for quite a while.  Vargas was the only one up until this point who was an exception to that rule.  Goddess may be the only future fight that is easier and/or less luck reliant (and Atma Weapon would have been, but I managed to forget something really obvious).  The challenge will start really ramping into high gear after this.