The second phase of this fight does everything right to thwart a low levelled party.  Lots of attacks, chained attacks, and a healthy mix of Physical/Magical attacks result in a lot of danger for my crew.  I brought Relm to this battle because she has higher evasion/speed than Terra, which means that Hit is less likely to do her in, and she can contribute more to healing.  Thanks to that Czarina Gown, she can survive the three main elements, which are the ones being thrown around often here.  The downside to Relm is that she only has 6HP, and the minimum damage for Seizure is 2, which causes some issues here, as I have to watch her HP for a while.  While the whole party is standing, there isn't much chance of me dying in any single attack, but the danger comes from my party being whittled away one by one.  Seizure can kill Relm, as well as any attack that isn't walled by her elemental resistances.  Gogo can be killed easily by Thunder attacks, and Fire attacks too if he hasn't started Raging Repo Man, who resists it (it may make Wurmi angry, but it makes me smile :)).  From there, Strago can very easily die to the now adequate spells while I struggle to revive the others, and Celes will get pwned in short order by Hit, whose multiple attacks pierce Image easily.  On top of that, I have to deal with stuff like N.  Cross, and Hit can make it difficult to keep my Image up.

The individual bosses have lost their derpyness and dysfunctionality from vanilla.  Tools isn't whipped by instant death anymore, and uses Lightning elemental stuff to deal with Gogo.  I was bought some extra turns with Gogo here because he used lots of Atomic Ray, and missed once with Diffuser.

Magic isn't immediately incapacitated by Silence here, which gives him an opportunity to do stuff as well.  Considering magic is where I'm well defended, though, I don't remember him being overly threatening anyways.  Of course, it's often somewhat difficult to tell where attacks are coming from in this fight.

Thankfully, Tiger wasn't souped up dreadfully, as he was the hardest in vanilla.  His Fire and Ice attacks don't affect me much, but he still eats Step Mine hits for the more dangerous opponents.

Hit has gone from being the lamest of the bunch to the most dangerous.  He hasn't been changed much, except that he attacks a few times in one turn.  The main difference that improves him is circumstance, as a character sporting great defenses in vanilla could be protected well from magical attacks at the same time, acting as a defender for the party.  It's not the case here, and if I tried to use a defender, they'd be killed by everything that wasn't physical.  I also have to tank magic attacks with other characters, so I can't hope to have them safe at low HP.  This leaves Image (and Gogo's insane evasion) as my only defense against him, and Strago is often too slow to keep up with the buffing.

Most of the reason why this attempt survived was because they wasted a lot of early turns with Fire/Ice attacks, which didn't kill people and force me to restore Image.  I also got quite lucky with Image not being removed often by physical attacks, of which there were plenty.  And finally, another big reason why this went through is because Hit died relatively fast (and in fact, poop started to hit the fan right after he was disposed of, so if Hit hadn't died there I probably wouldn't have made it)

I went through several X-Potions here so that I could keep Relm's HP up to survive Seizure, while simultaneously healing the group.  What else would I use them for?  Relm later sacrifices herself to save Celes from frozen status, but by then Hit was already dead, so Image wasn't quite as vital.  Once Tools was alone, I then re-buffed for the next phase, as Tools alone didn't pose much of a danger.

If you're wondering why I didn't use HFB's here, there are two reasons.  One is that they tend not to add up to much in the few turns I could get to throw them, so the chance of them saving a Step Mine is low.  Since Tiger was killed by a Wrench (you can see me WTFing after that), I'd hazard a guess that their HP is exactly a multiple of 10K, so some shave damage on top of Step Mine could be useful.  An MT Poison Rod would be better for that than an HFB, though.  The second reason is that the Kefka strat is extremely safe with HFB's, but I'd have to be careful with an auto-attacking Gogo, so I'd prefer not to Rage there.  I wanted as many HFB's as possible to avoid running out.