This is one of the few times in this challenge that I was actually pretty nervous.  Normally I don't get too wired because I either know exactly what I'm going to do from testing, or I'm not sure exactly what I'm doing, but reloading state would only take a couple of minutes if I mess up.  I was planning to use save states to test each part of this battle individually, and I used a state right before the Tier 2 battle to test that, assuming that when I got through Tier 2, I wouldn't be doing it legit anyways, and I'd just use a save to test this part next.  As luck would have it, though, I happened to go back to the beginning of the fight to change Gogo's weapon (it had been the Rainbow Brush for the stat boosts; however, I was finding that the random Reraise castings were giving more trouble than I had anticipated), and I happened to beat Tier 2 on that attempt, meaning that I hadn't used the save states yet, and this was still legit.

This meant that I remembered exactly two things about this fight:  Rest uses Quasar, and Rest death counters with Merton.  I kept careful track of what bosses used Quasar from my first playthrough, because I knew it is extra threatening for a low level party, even though it was thankfully used a lot less on this playthrough than my first (for the most part, though not here).  My improvised plan started out as a simple zerg rush, hoping that I could finish them both without seeing Quasar, but that slowed down and then died really quickly.  Since HFB's have less targets to split between, and I need damage ASAP, I start to throw them again, and that helped a little.  Before I was hit by Quasar, I was in the unfortunate circumstance of only having Celes with Reraise, which meant she was the only survivor.  At this point I practically gave up, but I kept my head anyways, and after several false starts I was actually able to fight my way back to a good position.  This really only worked because Rest gave me quite a long stretch with no Quasar, which was probably quite lucky.  Given that Rest used Quasar two turns in a row, and I only saw three attacks, I'd take a guess that Rest has a 1/3 chance of Quasar every turn, whatever the odds of the other moves are.  Thankfully, I only needed to beat this fight once, and it happened on the first try, so none of the odds mattered in the end.

At the end of the battle, I slow down my HFB throwing because I want Gogo or a character with Reraise to eat Merton, or I'd lose somebody.  I had Locke prepped just in case of an accident, but I really wanted to keep the team that I had.  Unlike Tier 1 and Tier 2, Tier 3 is not incapacitated at the end of the fight, nor am I anticipating a difficult battle afterwards, so I let the buffing slide.

And with that, this challenge is over.  I had a lot of fun and - oh, wait, I almost forgot, I've got that minor nuisance Kefka to deal with.  Even if it's pretty much unloseable compared to Tiers 2 and 3, so the challenge might as well have ended here.