It's time to tackle Kefka and finish this once and for all!  After the last fights, this fight is really easy on paper, and Reraise itself is hardly a necessity.  That being said, after I finally managed to get through Tier 2, and got past Tier 3 on my first try (and I was in doubt that I'd be able to make it past nearly as often as that implies), I was really worried that I might make a mistake and lose it here.  So, naturally, I put up more layers of security than the American government.  That is why this took 45 minutes, instead of sub-30 (of course, you get to see it at 2X speed).

Terra is very useful in this fight, as she has the highest possible Magic Defense.  With the right equipment, she gets 252 magic defense, which, combined with Shell, means that magical attacks only do approximately 2/255 of their base damage.  Needless to say, this obliterates all threat from Goner and Meteor, as even when they are used together, they barely take down half of Terra's measly 73 HP.  If you're wondering why I never used Terra earlier, it was mostly for the same reason as Mog; I was stuck in a rut bringing Edgar (who's just as slow as Terra anyways), I generally take a "as good as I need to be" approach to battles, and I never needed to bother switching.  I didn't use her for the earlier portions of this battle either, because in Tier 1 she'd serve no purpose, and in Tier 2 she wouldn't be as proficient a healer as Relm because of her low speed.

Kefka can be dealt with the same as my previous WoR fights for the most part, with a couple twists.  I keep Image on, same as usual, and tank magic, same as usual.  Most of the time he uses garbage like Brown Note, which just applies a status effect sometimes (and if you've noticed, I haven't bothered caring about those for 99% of the game).  I was nervous enough to possibly have a Brown Note if anything dangerous could have happened, though.  The only thing that could have truly been dangerous is if I tried to attack with too many HFB's at once.  It seems like once he's taken a certain number of hits, he'll start countering with Goner, and then stop countering with it once he takes a turn.  I may be oversimplifying it (or just wrong), but that is what I came up with during my first playthrough, and it seemed to hold valid.  This means that if I selected Gogo to throw an HFB, then Celes, then Terra, and he used three Goners counterattacks in a row and Meteor the next turn, I would lose my Reraise.  Analyzing the battle afterwards, that was literally the only losing scenario I could come up with even if I didn't apply Reraise, and that's far fetched in itself because I was waiting for an obscene amount of time after each HFB to see if he counterattacked.  Purge was extremely annoying, but not really dangerous.

The only other thing of note is that Strago could survive Goner defending.  Once I realized this, I started to try and time his guarding so that I wouldn't have to revive him.  Naturally, this got goofed up in one way or another pretty much all the time.

I didn't want to use Step Mine in this battle because I didn't want to eat a Goner when unprepared, considering how paranoid I was being.  The problem is, the more comfortable I got that I couldn't lose, the more I became worried that I was wrong, since the battle had started stretching longer and longer.  I wouldn't blame somebody for wanting to skip 10 minutes or so, but it is the final battle after all, so you might not feel like it.  However, if you're going to make a point of sticking around for the entire time here (or even if you aren't), I highly advise devoting your time to the Heartfire video instead (or as well), because it's one of the least viewed videos (probably because you found the boss extremely easy), but it was actually the single hardest boss in this entire challenge!

Dang character limits...I want to keep talking!  Oh well, now that I discovered the forum, I'll post it there.

Note from the future: Unfortunately, the forum I posted this on went down and the thread I was using was too old to be archived.  I think I just gave some final closing thoughts on the challenge, so probably not a big loss.