Note from the future:

Unfortunately, the description for this video was lost to time, as it was also posted on that forum thread that was lost.  This is really unfortunate as this is one of my favourite videos and had a particularly detailed description (easily my longest as of the time of posting).  However, the fact that this fight was particularly memorable for me also means that I remember more than usual about my setup and choices during this fight, so I can still give a pretty decent rundown.

This fight has two attributes that make it extremely dangerous.  The first is that Hidon uses unblockable MT spells that wipe the party (Quasar and Black Omen) on a timer, and it uses them often.  The second is that we need to account for both physical attacks (from the Hindonites) and magical attacks (from Hidon), and handling both at once has always been a thorn in our side in this challenge.  Dealing with either would make this one of the harder fights in the WoR.  Dealing with both makes it a nightmare.

Fortunately, Hidon's magical attacks all share a common weakness: they're all blocked by the Ghost Ring.  Normally BNW doesn't design bosses this way; one piece of equipment doesn't simply invalidate all of a boss' magical attacks.  However, the Ghost Ring is special because it makes the user undead, which is normally a hefty drawback.  Note that being undead is different from being a Zombie.  The character is still "alive" and free to act as they please, but most healing is inverted, most notably revival.  Therefore, an undead character can't be revived.

However, this drawback is meaningless here.  IIRC, there's only one Ghost Ring accessible to us.  I think it was theoretically possible to obtain at least one more in the Coliseum, but the fight we'd need to win to get it was one that was statistically implausible without being able to control our character during Coliseum battles.  Keeping characters without Ghost Rings alive is basically impossible, so the fight is essentially a solo fight anyways.  In other words, who cares if we can revive?

On the other hand, because the Ghost Ring is undead themed, it absorbs Poison and therefore most of Hidon's attacks.  Raid is non-elemental, but it's a draining attack, so it's also inverted by being undead.  Since undead enemies are immune to all statuses in this hack, the Ghost Ring also protects against the statuses inflicted by the Hidonites' special attacks.  This means that we can invest all of our other equipment slots into dealing with the Hindonites' physical damage.  I don't remember the details of the other equipment, but I think I just stacked maximum defense (plus Safe from something, I don't remember what), maybe using the Snow Muffler to boost HP at the cost of defense if that allowed surviving more hits.

However, this still leaves the question of how we're dealing with Quasar/Black Omen.  These spells come in too fast to use Reraise as a solution, especially when the Hidonites would just knock us out right after we're revived.  The only option left to deal with the spells is Jump.  By jumping over every single Quasar/Black Omen, we now have a solution for everything.

To get enough turns, we need to stack a few things in our favour.  First, we need Haste.  Next comes our character choice, and the only characters who can use a Dragoon Seal are Mog, Edgar, and Gogo.  Gogo is obviously out, as he can't get perfect evasion or tank any hits, and we'll need to survive too many physicals to rely on lucky dodges.  I'd been using Edgar as the default physical defender for most of the run, but this is the fight that made me realize this was a mistake.  While Edgar is slightly bulkier, Mog's 6 extra speed is slightly better most of the time.  But in this fight, that tiny speed difference is absolutely essential to queue our ATB fast enough.  Finally, we need a petrified character.  IIRC, the timer doesn't restart until the end of the attack animation, so we need that animation to play while Mog is in the air so that he lands ASAP after Quassar/Black Omen.

But that's not all.  The thing about timed moves is that slowing the boss down as much as possible doesn't necessarily mean that they'll come out less often.  We could consider inflicting Slow on Hidon, for instance, but at best this would probably just result in Hidon attacking half as often, but using Quasar/Black Omen every single time.  Given that Hidon's other attacks heal us (and we want the healing), that's pointless.  The best result we can hope for is actually achieved by <i>speeding Hidon up</i>.  Usually, we'd always want to use Battle Speed 6 because Battle Speed only affects the enemies in FF6.  However, on Battle Speed 6, Hidon will usually act once before the timer elapses and then use Quasar/Black Omen on the next turn.  On a slightly higher battle speed, Hidon's second turn will queue just before the timer elapses, so it'll use a second attack and wait an entire extra turn before using Quasar/Black Omen.

However, threading the needle is tricky here.  Because the Hidonites and our own attack animations add some variation to exactly when Hidon acts, it's tricky to predict or manipulate when Hidon will use a timed attack.  If we set the Battle Speed too low, Hidon will be more likely to be delayed long enough to use Quasar/Black Omen instead of a second regular attack.  If we set the Battle Speed too high, Hidon will act faster and this makes it trickier to Jump early enough.  IIRC, I was tossing between Battle Speed 3 and 4, which felt surreal because normally 1 and 6 are typically the only valid choices (I had probably never used Battle Speed 4 in my life).  This is where Mog's tiny speed advantage came into play.  With the extra speed, we can set the Battle Speed to 3 and reliably Jump at the right moment.

Despite all this preparation, jumping over every single Quasar/Black Omen without fail is still challenging.  We have to get the details perfect.  Mog needs to wait in the menu during Hidon's first attack animation to prevent the timer from elapsing early.  We need to manipulate the Hidonites to avoid them delaying Hidon's queued attacks, or that will cause Hidon to act after the timer elapses.  We need to wait a moment to Jump after Hidon's second attack to make sure we come down after Black Omen, but before the Hidonites attack, as otherwise we won't be able to hold the menu open during Hidon's turn.  Even beyond that, I recall there being several ways in which the Jump timing could be thrown off, and I had to play contextually based on small differences in when the Hidonites acted and when the Regen/Seizure ticks delayed the ATB.  Even making subtle mistakes in these situations was deadly, but because the mistakes I was avoiding were so subtle, I can no longer identify those situations simply by looking at the video.

It's worth noting that I wasn't aware of "jumpcheese" strategies that allow you to infinitely loop Jump.  I hadn't even thought of running away to bring up the "Can't Run" message and make jumping over attacks easier, though I'm not sure if or how I would have implemented that into the strat.

Those are the broad strokes, but there are still some details to fill in.  At the start of the fight, all Hidonites are on the field, but so is our entire party.  Celes uses her one and only important turn to cast Haste on Mog before pushing damage on the Hidonites.  Casting Haste is literally the only reason why Celes is more important than another statue.  Strago uses Aero right off the hop to inflict Seizure on the Hidonites.  This will do more damage over time than an HFB or a Gravity Rod.  We try to kill the far left Hidonite first since its special attack, Mega Claw, does extra damage instead of attempting to inflict a status effect.  Cyan does nothing becuase he's a rock.  I remember the developers of BNW being jokingly annoyed that after all the work they did to make Cyan better, this was his most important function in the entire challenge.  As we start killing Hidonites, the fight gets more safe.  Once Strago and Celes go down, there's no point reviving them for the most part.

Having a petrified character is big for defending against the Hidonites' physicals as well.  Cutting the average number of attacks that hit Mog in half means that we won't lose unless we get unlucky.  It's pretty rare that we really <i>need</i> to heal with Dried Meat (which thankfully doesn't invert on undead characters) here.  Generally, it's preferable to accept a small amount of risk and wait for Hidon to heal us so that we can push damage and get the Hidonites off the field ASAP.

Once all the Hidonites die for the first time, Hidon revives them immediately and starts using Black Omen, which is Strago's ultimate Lore.  As usual when fighting Hidon, I like to learn this Lore even if it's useless.  This is the only reason why Strago isn't a rock.  We can't afford to spend a turn killing the last Hidonite before reviving Strago, so we need to time things so that Jump or Seizure will do it and we have a gap before Black Omen to revive Strago.  Strago then casts Refract to apply Image to himself so that he doesn't die to the Hidonites attacks before Black Omen hits.

The second round of Hidonites takes longer to kill since we no longer have Seizure or extra damage from Strago/Celes.  I can't remember why I chose to conserve HFBs against the second set of Hindonites, but not the later ones.  Maybe I thought there was a chance I'd run out?  Once they go down again, they'll stay down until Hidon has lost enough HP (or rather a "life", for those who are aware of how hacks exceed the 65 535 HP limit).  The next two Hidonite revivals are the most tense moments, as they happen deep into the fight and we need to be prepared for them.  If we Jump expecting a Black Omen and Hidon overwrites it by reviving the Hidonites instead, it'll save its Black Omen for next turn and kill us after we descend.  Thanks to Hidon's auto-Regen, using a calculator isn't practical, so I did some rapid mental math for the entire fight to track its HP on top of manipulating all the ATBs.  There's a reason why this is one of the fights I'm most proud of.

Shield is sorta meant to be Strago's ultimate defensive Lore in this hack, a counterpart to Black Omen's offenses.  However, Hidon will only use it directly after reviving the Hidonites for the second and third times, leaving us with no practical way to learn this one.  Whatever, Black Omen was my main goal anyways.

Credits to PokeRemixStudios for the <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=poiqPQpiTN0">Dialga's Fight to the Finish remix</a>.