Kefka:  Wait, do I look like a waiter?

Telstar:  This is the main fight here.  Shadow has a pitiful 40HP (and that's boosted from his 37 he has naturally), so if you thought Banon was bad, this is laughable.  But trust me, from here on out, it will get worse.  A lot worse.  In fact, each new character with low HP is worse than the last, and we're still four tiers from the bottom!  But enough of that, let's get to the fight.  With Shadow's low HP, he won't survive Mega Volt + seizure unless A) he has the Barrier ring, B) he's defending and C) it attacks Multi Target.  Because attacking Telstar might make him summon more soldiers, I decided to wait him out from seizure damage.  I attack him once by accident, although that ended up being a good thing.  When Sabin misses once, I debate attacking that Soldier with Shadow to finish him off, but then I decide to wait to see what Telstar would do, and I was glad I did, as he used Mega Volt on that exact turn.  Having Shadow defend when he has Seizure on is less useful, because Mega Volt is still likely to kill him no matter what.   Therefore, Shadow starts healing at this point.  Once some soldiers are dead, this battle becomes more manageable, but Telstar is easily the most dangerous of the bunch.  With the Smoke Scroll, Shadow won't die from the regular attacks they throw out, but if it runs out, or they hit Sabin, I will need to carefully heal.  I could have used Shurikens and attacks from Sabin to wipe Telastar quickly, and possibly not even see his dangerous attacks, but I was fairly short on money, and I didn't realize that I could grind Tonics to sell from that soldier at the front of the camp until later.

Soldiers/Templars:  Smoke Bomb + high Evade means Shadow is fairly good to go here, and Sabin can tank quite easily with his HP.  I use Pummel at the start, hoping to hit a Templar and let him die from Seizure, but then I have Sabin attack so that he can co-ordinate with Shadow.  Maybe I should have just spammed Pummel, though.  This battle's pretty easy as long as no shenanigans happen.

Everything else:  It just gets easier from here.  Cyan is a boss in berserker mode, and he gets rehealed for free after each fight.  The battles in M-tek armor are even simpler, although I think I actually needed to exploit that weakness to lightning that the opposing M-Tek Armors have to OHKO them.