Phantom...on drugs!:  This is a "phantom replay," or a replay where the inputs became mismatched from what actually happened (the term "phantom replay" is rather...fitting).  Hilariously enough, I still won!  Also, Shadow's apparently smarter than I am, as he threw a Mythril Dirk, and I didn't throw anything (I really did not need to save the Shurikens for Phantom Train).

Phantom:  This guy doesn't give EXP, so I can feel free to fight him and take his Black Belt (it was hardly necessary, but often useful).  I decided to actually attack him and not just Possess him to make it more interesting.  My ghost actually does surprising damage with his Spook Stick, so I'm guessing that it's Holy element, not that it did anything in this replay.  Sabin's Spirit Claw that I won from Telstar does even better damage, exceeding Sabin's Pummel.  Shadow should have been throwing Shurikens, but I just had him attack for pitiful damage instead.  Healing?  Who needs healing?  Oh, and that 30HP is the ghost's max.  I even forgot to include him when I said there were four characters with lower HP than Shadow, so there are still four more characters.

Soul Train:  He isn't too hard either.  His dangerous MT attacks like Acid Rain are gone, or at least rare enough that I never saw them.  He likes Evil Toot a lot now, and if he Berserks all my character, it's probably game over.  Cyan is my healer, as he suffers by far the worst from being at low levels, so I give him a Ribbon to prevent any danger from Evil Toot.  Due to the Train's high defense, Sabin does more damage with Pummel than his attacks, but on the other hand, Berserked attacks do more damage than either.  I also finally use my Shurikens.  That is, a whole two of them, as Shadow was mostly incapacitated by Evil Toot anyways.  This fight is reasonably short either way.

Waterfall Fights:  This fight is on a timer, if it hasn't been altered, and the Rizopas will appear after 60s of fighting Piranhas, assuming the current wave has been killed.  This is why I just stand there defending for a while.  I also try to keep track of how many times that Cyan counterattacks while I'm fast-forwarding, as I want to knock the Piranha down to the right HP where it can be killed by a front row counterattack.  Here, it's accomplished by having Sabin attack once from the back row before switching rows.  Unfortunately, the last Piranha really doesn't like Sabin, and keeps hitting him instead of provoking a counterattack.  I'd advise skipping from 6:00 to 7:50, where stuff actually happens.  I need to finish him with a counterattack because I want both characters defending during El Nino, which is always Rizopas' opening move (even while imped).  Once this is survived, Sabin gets right to inflicting the imp status through his Spirit Claws, making the rest of this fight a shoe in.  I have officially won by this point, as he has no moves anymore.