Now with slightly less sound desyncing problems...for some reason.

Ultros II:  This is another battle which I beat on the test run, and I'm clearly not sure of what I'm doing here, what with Edgar and Locke doing very little besides healing.  This team is absolutely hand-picked for the Mine Cart Ride, not this battle, so you'll see why they're needed then.  One thing that's important here is placing Gau on the side opposite to everybody, as Tentacle will kill him no matter what, but Locke and Edgar can survive if they're not alone on their side of the field.  He only used Tentacle once here, and I'm not sure if he can use it beyond his opening attack, but it's a nice sentiment anyhow.  I just sort of floundered about, using Flash to inflict Seizure, and using the Exocite Rage, which isn't overly effective now that Ultros' magic defense is through the roof for some reason (it's more notable in later fights).  Thankfully, his attacks don't appear to be that threatening, and as I have two healers on standby, I'm not sure what could have gone wrong.  I think that each place that Ultros can appear on the field is essentially a different Ultros, with different HP meters, but he seems to appear towards the center most often, so I focus damage on that one.  If he turned away from Locke and didn't kill Gau, Locke could get a decent attack in thanks to the pincer attack as well (was he in the front row?  I can't remember).

Ifrit/Shiva:  Ifrit/Shiva now seem to switch based on a timer as opposed to switching every time they take five hits.  The reason why the message speed is turned down to six is because the timer is really short, and sometimes, if I'm lucky, they won't take a turn at all if they are delayed by the messages for long enough.  They counterattack every few attacks with a level 2 spell (it doesn't seem random to me, it's far too consistant), which is why I hold off on attacking at some intervals to get Runic up before they throw out the counter.  I steal from Ifrit because I want to delay him with the message, and it probably doesn't trigger a counter.  With the Flametongue, Locke does decent damage to Shiva, especially when the random casts kick in.  There are no truly fitting Rages for Gau, as I'm pretty sure that none of them nullify Ice.  The two that nullify fire are Antlion, which has no attacks that will work, and Repo Man, which has Step Mine, and I want to avoid cheaping out with that at this point.  I just pick Demon for its Elf Fire, which is super effective against Shiva, and heals Ifrit (which is probably a good thing, as I doubt it triggers a counter).  Vaporite could have been good too, as it can slow them and doesn't provoke counters with Deja Vu, but would suffer offensively.  Celes is on Runic duty, which practically incapacitates them, and Edgar pwns with his Flash and Chainsaw.  And now you've probably spent longer reading the description than watching the actual fight, partly because this fight went extremely well :P

From here until the end of the IAF is a noticeable difficulty hike, and by far the hardest part of the game, with no boss letting up until Atma Weapon.