Kefka alone was too short, so I shoved Dadaluma into this video as well.

Kefka: I showed how to dodge the soldiers on the way down, even though it's pretty well known by now.  Kefka himself is quite easy; all of the attacks I saw can either be Runiced, or they're just ST physical attacks.  Celes is there for Runic and Runic only, and Sabin is there to set up Seizure and then heal.  Sabin's useful here because he has higher HP than Locke, and he's still quite fast.  Cyan's Dispatch throws out crazy damage against human targets, especially with the Atlas Armlet, so he's a must here.  Edgar's Bio Blaster does great damage to humans as well.  Gau can't survive anything, so I didn't bring him, I chose Sabin to heal over Locke, and there is absolutely no reason to bring Terra to this fight, so that explains my party choice.  There's nothing more to say, really.

Dadaluma:  I wasn't sure about this fight, so I played it more safe with the party choice than I could have.  It turns out that Vanish (procured by confusing Gobbledegaks, who I believe are the only ones in the entire hack who can use it) makes this fight impossible to lose beyond committing suicide.  He didn't summon Iron Fists for some reason, but don't ask me why!  Thank goodness, too, as I can't kill them without gaining EXP.  The main issue in this fight is outdamaging his healing, as he'll use a "Slim Jim" on himself and jump, healing himself with the regen status while he's up in the air, the tricky douche.  This is why I Flash him every time he comes down; I reapply Seizure and eek out slightly more damage.  Cyan's SwdTech hits for about 500 damage, but it's really slow.  Sabin's Poison claws are the real stars of this fight, throwing out 300 damage apiece, and possibly 500 if he gets off a Poison cast, plus he attacks twice as fast as Cyan.  The only drawback is that he misses a lot.  I could have brought Gau, but I figured that he'd summon Iron Fists, which I can't kill, so I didn't want him with his random attacks.  He probably could have outdamaged Cyan with the Wild Rat (Poison and Bio) Rage if I'd brought him.  Locke would similarly have been better at attacking than Celes, especially with that Butterfly knife, but I wasn't sure at the time if I'd need MT healing.  He could also have stolen an X-Potion.  Every time that Dadaluma jumps, I have Edgar defend to survive it, except the first, because I didn't think of it yet.  I don't know if Shocker could kill Edgar, but I doubt it.  It's hard enough to get Vanish on three characters, let alone four, which is why I didn't bother.  I also wait on healing Edgar when he's hurt, as I want to heal him while Dadaluma has jumped and I'm doing nothing anyways, as opposed to wasting valuable attacking time.  Right at the end, Sabin goes psycho and manages to deal out over 1000 damage in a single turn, more than his desperation attack would do, I think.