Geez, this guy really turned up the heat.  To be honest, I could theoretically OHKO any boss at this point by powering up Step Mine, but if I was going to do that, why bother with the challenge in the first place?  Even with just the steps that I had walked by this point, it would be dealing out about 1000 damage.

This guy is a major pain, mostly because of his auto-regen status.  Because regen protects against seizure, it essentially means that I lose 450-500 damage per time that the regen ticks.  When my damage output is as low as it is, that presents a major problem.  Also, my party is so focused on getting through the Mine Cart ride that I may have inadvertently chose the worst possible party for this fight.  Gau is absolutely useless here, as none of his Rages (well, Repo Man excluded) are worth the counter-attacks.  He is diverted to healing because of this.  His survivability is also atrocious.  I mean, 28 HP for goodness' sake, and that's with the Knight Cape!  Edgar has better defenses, and he can survive an attack in the back row.  He originally had a Ribbon equipped to avoid confuse, but every bit of damage is so necessary in this fight that I elected to use the Knight's Cape for the +5 Vigor and the extra 20 damage that came with it.  Locke dual wielding a Butterfly and a Switchblade only gives out about 25 extra damage over single wielding a Butterfly, due to the game mechanics.  The Butterfly is twice as strong as the Switchblade due to 024 being a human target, and dual-wielding decreases damage by 25%.  One quarter of the Butterfly's attack is worth about half of the Switchblade, and the Switchblade loses one quarter of its attack power as well.  This leaves me with only 25% of the Switchblade's attack, or about 25 damage.  Still, I need every bit of damage, and it was worth making Locke's defenses useless (they weren't helping much to begin with).  That 45 damage may not seem much, but it felt nearly impossible to push through his regen without it.  Now after making sacrifices for a whole 45 damage per turn between both Locke and Edgar, you can imagine how dumb I felt when I realized later that I could have bought another Butterfly at a shop and gained another 70-80 damage completely for free.  That was probably my second biggest mistake that I made during this entire LLG (I say probably, because there may be some that I didn't know about).  His Wallchange will give him an elemental weakness, but without the ability to change weapons in battle this doesn't help me at all.  I try to exploit it with a Bolt 2 spell at one point, but I guess it's when he casts Lightning magic that he's weak to Lightning.  Oops.  Celes can slip some turns in to heal when he's going to Wallchange (every other turn), but should always be Runicing on the turn where he'll cast a spell, as most of them can be Runiced.  This doesn't make the battle easy though, as the dangerous spells are often full party wipes.  Gale Cut and Aqua Rake are evil, and make this battle a race against time.  Acid Rain is pretty bad too, just look at what it does to my party at the start!  Edgar only lived because Gold equipment resists water, a property which seems minor at first but actually brings makes several battles doable where they otherwise wouldn't be.  Locke is shielded from counterattacks by Edgar, but Edgar can only take one, so Gau and Celes have to be on their toes.  Because I need to keep the pressure up, I need to plan my turns carefully so that I am in the menu during attacks as often as possible, and keeping Edgar's HP up while attacking as often as possible.  If Edgar dies, it's generally a setback.  I also need to take advantage of Celes' turns while avoiding mistakes and getting blasted by extra spells.  However, despite all the issues here, I'm saved by the fact that I can outspeed him by quite a bit lot with Locke, and also Slow him (an absolute must, as it slows his regen too).  He also wastes every other turn Wallchanging, and the turns where he isn't destroying my party, he's fairly harmless.  But still, that second Butterfly...