Let me start by saying that this was the hardest segment in the challenge.  None of the individual fights were difficult, but the sum of them was.  I heard some others got stuck here, so during my normal playthrough I kept a very close eye out for what I would need to deal with.  It wasn't one good strategic choice, but rather a whole whack of smaller ones that make this battle possible.  As for party choice, Gau is an absolute must here, even if he wasn't needed to absorb EXP and keep my party at the lowest level possible.  But now I need a character who can inflict Seizure (without having to go through the awkward process of raging Albatross, dying, being revived, and then raging something else to get back on track).  Cyan can't do that, so screw him.  Sabin's defenses are really bad, so he's out too. My party is therefore, Locke, Edgar and Gau, with probably no other options.  These battles may look very similar, but they ended up being quite different.  To be fair though, nearly all the difficulty came from my insistence on keeping Locke and Edgar at level 6 as opposed to level 7, which meant either leaving Gau alone at the end of two battles, or leaving Locke and Edgar dead alone for two battles each.  I opted for the latter, although I tried the former first, and I have to say that each strat probably had similar odds of working.  When I went through the first time, and let Locke/Edgar survive each battle and end up at level   7, it literally only took two tries to get through here. Gau was stacked for evasion, as he can't survive much, even with the levels he gains.  I made a mistake by equipping the Magic Cube, as the magic power he gains wasn't that helpful after all.  I changed it to a Knight's Cape for the speed/evasion at one point, but made a mistake and reloaded state without saving the change, so in this attempt he has the Magic Cube equipped.  It doesn't make a huge difference, but sometimes I cry at night thinking that this may have saved one of my earlier attempts if I had noticed.  During the normal encounters, Gau uses the Antlion rage, which is absolutely perfect for these fights.  It has a 2/3 chance of using Paralysis and incapacitating an enemy for quite a while.  It also has a 1/3 chance of using Doom and flat out killing them.  To top it off, Antlion is immune to their Fire spells, which makes it ridiculously fitting for this occasion.  To survive Number 128's Firestorm, it is important to note that it is part water element, which is a lifesaver.  With Locke having the Gold Shield and Edgar having the Gold Helm, the damage is cut in half.  With no other way of obtaining safe/shell, I have to turn to a type of equipment that I previously had always laughed at and called names such as "pointless" or "stupid"; the "safe/shell at low HP" stuff.  By letting my characters dip into low HP, then immediately rehealing them, I can take advantage of their effects as long as the characters don't die.  This helps to survive both Shockwave and Firestorm, as well as the physical attacks.  Locke has the Zephyr Cape to this purpose, which also stacks with the Sprint Shoes' Haste and boosts his speed to truly awesome amounts.  Edgar has the Safety Glove and the Barrier Ring, which also add 20 to his defenses and solidify him as a tank.  Since the arms are weak to Lightning, and have absurdly low magic defense, and Gau has levelled up a few times since Ultros II, he gets off great damage with the Exocite rage.  And guess what, it nulls water!  Seriously, I might not have been able to create more perfect rages for this part if I tried!  With this setup, we're ready to go!

Battle 1: Success rate: 50%
This one wasn't too bad because I start with all three characters alive and well, and if it goes awry I can load state very easily.  The issue here is striking a balance between offense and defense; if Gau starts raging immediately, Locke might not die before he kills the enemies off.  If Gau doesn't start raging quickly, he can't paralyse the enemies and they might rough me up.  Here, Locke is able to overcome his inability to sacrifice himself for the greater good rather quickly, and they go down without a fight.

Battle 2: Success rate: 90%
With Edgar's Noiseblaster, and no awkward party member switching, this fight is pretty basic.  Gau refuses to finish off the last Mag Roader for a while, but he usually does this for two or three fights so this recording actually went quite nicely overall.

Battle 3: Success rate 15%
This one is truly awful.  I need to get Locke back on his feet, and finish the battle with Edgar dead, all without finishing the enemies off by accident or getting murdered by the magic they like to throw at me.  This is a massive luckfest, as you can tell, especially with the Mag Roadie using Ice spells instead of Fire (Antlion is weak to Ice, so if Gau even catches a cold he'll probably die).  I'll have to post the rest in the comments because the description is too long.  Noiseblaster helps, but Edgar's got to be dead by the end of the fight, so it's not a battle winner.  Getting through Edgar's great defenses is tricky, especially because  he has exactly the wrong HP that he likes getting to near fatal status, where I have to reheal him, or Gau will block with the Knight's Cape.  Sometimes I was tempted to throw the Thunder Rod at him, and in hindsight it may honestly have been the best use for it.

Battle 4: Success rate: 70%
Locke doesn't have Noiseblaster, so the best thing he can do is just defend and stay alive.  His best advantage is his speed for healing and defending, and his evasion is better than Edgar's.  Still, if Gau decides not to play nice, this battle can end it for me rather quickly.

Battle 5: Success rate: 80%
Getting Edgar on his feet isn't too bad, as both Locke and Gau are rather fast.  Gau can also start raging pretty quickly, as I don't need to worry about killing anybody off, so it's unlikely I'll kill the enemies too quickly by accident.  I leave Edgar at low HP at the end of the fight so that he can gain Safe/Shell immediately in the next.

Number 128: Success rate 80%
What? The boss has a 65% higher success rate than the oh so creatively named "Battle 3?"  That isn't an estimate like the others, though, it's a statistic.  Out of the five times I fought him with this strat, I beat him four times.  Because he starts at low HP, Edgar immediately has Safe/Shell, and he's unlikely to be killed on the first strike because Gau will block him with the Knight's Cape (it's working for me now :D).  Hopefully Net won't do anything dangerous, although I can remove Stop with a Remedy in this hack (I failed a memory check on my first four fights, though, and never exploited this until my fifth).  It seems like everything needs to be done at once in the first couple of turns; Edgar needs to Flash them, Gau needs to rage Exocite ASAP to hopefully kill an arm or two, and protect against Firestorm.  Net needs to be removed as well. Hopefully Locke can get knocked to low HP as well.  It mostly comes down to what I do and what he does in the first couple of turns.  If Locke and Edgar get to full HP, with Safe/Shell on, and defending, it's no longer a question of if, but when the boss is going down.  Also, this battle normally marks the start of classic FF6 tactics, where I'd normally start evading attacks or simply eating the overkill instead of tanking them, starting with the use of Vanish in this fight.  But I can't use Vanish here; None of the available characters can equip Phantom, nor do they have the MP to cast it.  Locke's Magic Evade is not so stellar, I might add.  So starting in this fight, I need to think more similarly to an LLG in other games, such as FF7 in order to get through.

The only issue with this fight is that it didn't end up being all that interesting, and didn't bother much with the strategy I prepared.  The first fight is the one in series with the rest of the mine cart ride, and I got so lucky on that attempt that he pretty much did nothing but physically attack me.  I never saw Firestorm once, and the only Shockwave he sent my way missed.  So I went and recorded another one (using a save state just before the battle, so I didn't have to redo the Mine cart ride), where he happily obliged douching it up and using those moves on nearly every opportunity.  Unlike the other battles, which were ZSNES replays, I was actually playing this one live (I was that confident, or maybe cocky).  Just look at that Firestorm when I was defending.  Over 200 damage to Locke in my normal playthrough, but 29 damage to Edgar in this one.  This battle is definitely a turning point in this challenge, because others have already made it this far.  But from here on out, I'm sort of forging a new path.