This is an Low Level Game (LLG) in Brave New World, a hack of FF6.  This is probably my favourite hack of the game because of its excellent design.  Characters (and even different builds of the same character) play much differently from one another, with each having unique toolsets.  Despite this, the character balance is the best out of any hack that I've played.  It's hard to overstate how impressive it is that both of these feats are accomplished in the same package.  It's a lot easier to balance characters when they mostly do the same thing with slight tweaks, but BNW somehow has the most balanced character roster despite its diversity.  Bosses have their own personality and throw wrenches into your general strategies to provide a reason to play contextually and innovate.  The difficulty curve is perfect too, with every single fight having exactly the difficulty that BTB and Synchisi want it to have.  On top of that, BNW either fixes or removes every mechanic in vanilla FF6, so there's no cruft in this game at all.  Finally, BNW is also quite accessible, taking a bit of time to ramp up and not requiring an expert to beat, as long as you're willing to think about your choices.

This run holds a special place in my heart for introducing me to some communities and people that I wasn't familiar with previously.  The quality is also notably better than my LLNEG in almost every way, except for the ugly watermarks on some of the videos... ugh.  This is a bit different from my vanilla runs because I didn't (or mostly didn't?) look up any boss scripts, so I was playing based on what I could infer by fighting each boss.  I also didn't polish my strats to perfection, instead opting to show whatever win I got.  Some people may prefer that; in some ways it's a better story even if it's less polished.  I was also sorta winging the EXP management.  BNW LLGs don't have an agreed-upon definition like vanilla LLGs, and the option to disable EXP didn't exist until later versions of the hack.  I just did my best rather than routing it, which led to clearly sub-optimal leveling, but it hardly ruins the run or anything.  Speaking of versions, this version of the hack is very old, so there are a ton of difference between this run and modern ones, most notably the fact that this version uses vanilla ATB rather than the new N-ATB system, which stops the ATB during animations.  So don't be surprised if some fights are different from what you'd expect.