This is a catalogue of all the major video game challenge runs that I've recorded over the years.  Challenge runs are the bread and butter of my YouTube channel.  It's fun solving games in ways that they were never intended to be played, and you learn a lot more about the games you play when you do so.  There are many ways to achieve mastery in a game, but I tend to prefer competing against myself to competing against others.  I like to solve the puzzles that a challenge offers from first priniciples and my own game knowledge.  That's not to say that I'll never watch others play and try to emulate them, but when I do a challenge, I want to do something that's at the edge of my comfort zone and be the one to figure out how to overcome my own barriers.  When you compete against others, you inevitably end up following or responding to metagame trends, and that's just not as enjoyable to me.  I also tend to like challenges that <i>end</i> more than something like a speedrun where you can never truly be finished, though I'm willing to dabble.

That said, if you want to try challenge runs yourself, a good way to get started is to emulate one that you've already seen.  Even if you've seen a video series or something, there's still plenty of gaps that you'll need to fill in on your own unless the videos are extremely thorough.  The first runs that I did were all in Final Fantasy VI.  I started with Low Level Natural Magic, then moved to Low Level No Specials No Items, and finally Low Level No Equipment.  I watched all the videos I was emulating at the start of the process, not right before doing the corresponding challenge.  Therefore, not only did the difficulty of each challenge progressively increase, but the memories of the videos I had watched also grew foggier with each challenge, meaning that I had to come up with more of the missing pieces myself.

I think most people underestimate what they are capable of when they put their mind to something, especially in RPGs, where the gut instinct of many is to assume that their characters aren't strong enough after a loss or two.  Of course, if you don't <i>want</i> to solve the puzzle and just want to enjoy the grind while living vicariously through somebody else's playthroughs, that's entirely fair.  But if you find that unfulfilling or think that playing games without becoming overpowered sounds exciting, and your only concern is whether you'll be able to accomplish it, don't sell yourself short.  You may not have the necessary skill at the start of the playthrough, but back yourself to learn what you need, even when you eventually hit a wall and don't know what to do right away.  Learn to develop a sense for when something <i>seems</i> like it should be impossible, but you can tell deep down that it isn't.  That moment where you've made enough little optimizations to downgrade those barriers from "It's impossible" to "Maybe I can do it with a major fluke" to "That was close, but I'm still making a couple mistakes" to "I <i>know</i> I will get this" to "I did it!" are some of the best moments in gaming.