Death Count:

Intro Stage: 5
Chill Penguin: 68
Storm Eagle: 22
Sting Chameleon: 73
Armored Armadillo: 62
Spark Mandrill: 28
Flame Mammoth: 29
Launch Octopus: 48
Boomer Kuwanger: 14
Item Search: 27
Sigma 1: 26
That stupid jump at the start of Sigma 2: 22
The rest of Sigma 2: 25

Well, almost at the end now. These stages are broken up into more chunks than the average level, so this is going to come in pieces.

Part one contains a platforming segment that's really a bit of a puzzle. I can try a Neon Jump to get through here, but that's tricky because I hadn't yet figured out how to do Neon Jumps while moving (for that matter, I hadn't even figured out that they were called Neon Jumps yet). So with that off the table, it took me a while to determine that I had to hang off the right side of the platform, jump to the side of the other platform, dash wall jump off and then get the fooge out of there. This has to be done fairly quickly, so it definitely needed some working out. Once I got it once my consistency shot up dramatically, but I still had failures. The part between there and Chill Penguin isn't too bad at this point. Just get through it and to the boss. I end up having a death that you were hoping for a while ago, which is ironic because I knew it would happen this time and I just wasn't paying attention. Chill Penguin isn't too bad now, since I have his weakness and I can tank a lot of hits at this point, so I have an enormous margin of error compared to the first run. The slightly smaller stage isn't a huge deal, but he can jump into me a little bit more easily on the wall now.

Part two resembles part one a little. A tricky jump at the beginning that I have trouble working out (though a little easier), a relatively easy follow up (though a little harder, especially since I am trying to conserve C. Sting ammo initially because I don't realize that there will be another checkpoint after Storm Eagle), and then a boss that wouldn't be super difficult if it weren't for the fact that I had to go all this way to get to him. Ironically, although I didn't realize that C. Sting was the Eagle's weakness, it ended up being the weapon that allowed me to bring about his downfall. Although let's be honest; it's not much of a weakness when E. Spark and probably Fire W. both deal two damage to him anyways.

Part three is a joke.

Then we've got the titular face guy. His eyes aren't dangerous, really, as their attacks are too slow to be threatening. Truly, the nose isn't too hard to avoid, but I don't really figure it out during the run. I mean, sure, I end up doing it correctly in the final run, but I hadn't really worked it out. If I had been on the other side of the stage when the walls closed for the last time, I would have been wrecked completely instead of scraping through.