Death Count:

Intro Stage: 5
Chill Penguin: 68
Storm Eagle: 22
Sting Chameleon: 73
Armored Armadillo: 62
Spark Mandrill: 28
Flame Mammoth: 29
Launch Octopus: 48
Boomer Kuwanger: 14
Item Search: 27
Sigma 1: 26
Sigma 2: 47
Sigma 3: 56

I really should have taken a break after Sigma 2. I had been playing too long at this point, and I start to be very sloppy, especially after Launch Octopus.

This is less a stage in the vein of the last two, and more just falls into the pattern of "short mini-level then a boss". None of these level portions are particularly difficult or time consuming in their own right, so it really just comes down to fighting the bosses again.

Armored Armadillo is in a stage where he is more difficult to predict, and the spikes on the ceiling ruin my turtling strat from before. However, I have a lot of weapons that can pierce his armor now, so he's not that hard to fight. I may not have used E. Spark in a way that would knock his armor off, or Fire Wave in a way that would allow me to destroy him, but it was honestly not so difficult to fight him like this either. Shotgun Ice plus E. Spark plus Fire Wave is enough to take down his entire health bar without putting myself at undue risk, so that's all I need.

Sting Chameleon is ridiculously easy this time around. The thing is, dodging his spike move is borderline random as far as I am able to play it. When I can only take four hits, and I have to deplete his entire health bar, it requires me to not make any mistakes and still get pretty lucky. The amount of hits that I'd take from the spikes from average luck was enough to kill me handily in the first fight, but that's not even close to true here, so the spikes are only a minor concern, and the rest of the moves are fairly easy to dodge. When I can take a ton of hits from the spikes and have a bunch of free easy hits with the Metal Blades, it's not hard at all to kill this guy. Maybe it's just me, but the stage seems a lot less dangerous as well, since the uneven floor isn't nearly as distracting as the mud and the walls don't hurt me now. I actually comment in the video (as I did in Boomer Kuwanger's stage) that the boss room seems like a mistake somehow.

Launch Octopus is a boss whose attacks are fairly weak but hard to dodge. This puts more emphasis behind powerups in this fight, and since I have a lot more HP, armor, etc. this fight gave me a lot less trouble than before. The stage redesign changes this fight probably the most radically out of all of them, but only seems slightly less forgiving. IMO comparing the stage to the first time it's not so much harder as just different, except maybe for the spikes on the ceiling. Still as fun as ever!

Flame Mammoth is where I start playing really poorly. I should have gotten this a lot more quickly, but every time I was close to victory (on two of my earlier attempts he had one HP left) I just started getting careless. This fight really shouldn't have been so hard as far as I can tell. I also completely fail to make use of Storm Tornado once again. The fight was fun, but I cut essentially everything out here because I wasn't really learning anything or showing anything new here, just playing badly. I did leave in a couple funny things though.

D-Rex is a very challenging boss, and I'm still not really sure how to dodge his thunder balls (especially the last one he fires in any given set) reliably. I guess I could guess when he is about to use it and use C-Sting, as two charges of C-Sting would probably get me through the entire battle. I never try to make use of C-Sting here though. I end up doing something that I totally called earlier in the one full attempt that I show in the middle of the failures here. He's not hard to damage, but he's also hard to survive, making this battle fun and fast-paced, although your victory possibly depends more on what D-Rex happens to do than what you do (I'm not really sure to what extent my failures were my fault here; it's hard to tell).

We've almost reached the end of this series! The next episode is the last in this LP.