This stage was definitely easier than the last, and definitely felt like a better warm-up stage than the one that I originally picked. In the first half of the stage, I would have done better if I had gotten used to the Dash Walljump a little faster, particularly on the part with the conveyor that moves downwards. This stage is fairly easy because many of the difficult obstacles are not very punishing if you mess up, and many of the punishing parts of the level are not very difficult obstacles to avoid. Once I got the hang of the moving platforms and how to avoid respawning flamethrowers, the rest of the level went as smooth as silk.

In fact, the second half of the level was easy enough that I never died (in fact, I didn't even get hit now that I rewatch the tape), so I never found out where the "midpoint" was. I actually think that it could have been beefed up a little, because it honestly didn't feel any harder to maneuver through than vanilla, aside from the increased damage of course, not that it really mattered in any way, shape or form. I'd think that it might make sense as a level intended to be played early, but it comes after the significantly harder first half.

However, disregard that above paragraph if there's no checkpoint to the level (I didn't die there in vanilla either, so my guess that a midpoint exists is based solely on the apparent formula). If there is no checkpoint, then making the second half forgiving to reduce the chances of redoing the first half makes a great deal of sense.

Storm Eagle was fun to fight, although not as satisfying as Chill Penguin to take down (mostly because that fight is hard to top, not because this one is bad or anything :P ). Most of my deaths were clearly due to carelessness. I kept trying to shoot him when he was flapping his wings, which was dumb because he was only barely in range, and I had to stand near the edge of the platform. This meant that as soon as he stopped, I'd run straight off into the spikes! I defeated him on the very same attempt that I stopped jumping the gun and picked my offensive moments more wisely.