Death Count:

Intro Stage: 5
Chill Penguin: 68
Storm Eagle: 22
Sting Chameleon: 73
Armored Armadillo: 62
Spark Mandrill: 28

You may notice the relative lack of deaths in this episode. Believe it or not, this episode took me just as long as the last one to record, it's just that the deaths all took a lot longer to occur, rather than me having a great deal of two second deaths.  This definitely makes for a better video though, IMO.  Also, in this episode I spend way too much time paying attention to the R-Shield. XD

This stage has a lot of tough obstacles to dodge, but as I have a great deal more HP at this point, making it more than reasonable. Sure the enemies/stage hit me more often than usual, but now I have my safety net where I need it.  None of those missile/electricity shooting robots are too threatening on their own... their main purpose is merely stalling me so that I have to dodge the electric balls for longer. Storm Tornado is great to wipe them quickly, but I still have to be vigilant and move quickly to avoid the electricity.  Some of them are in less effective places, so I can use my Storm Tornado ammo more conservatively; I'll need it later too.  Some of these jumps are extremely tight, but with a fairly low penalty for mistakes I have some leeway to make it through.  But I still have to put some effort into avoiding damage here or I'll die later.

Next up is the dark room with the... uh... crescent moon thingies?  Whatever they are, they sure move quickly. Again, avoiding hits is hard, but except when you get hit over a hole, you can recover and make it to the end.  Again, taking a lot of hits can make the mini-boss a death sentence, but all it should take is one or two solid runs to get used to this part as well.  I have a couple more deaths than that out of pure fail-sauce, but it got easier over time.  Some of the birds are in strategic places where they would be hard to get by.  Fortunately, this area is targeted fairly well towards the strengths of the C-Sting, and using that the birds become no problem.  I should have tried C-Sting on the last bird too, as it probably would have hit, and I still needed Storm Tornado for the mini-boss.

The mini-boss is intense, but with enough HP and Storm Tornado left he is unlikely to kill the run, because he dies fairly fast.  That's all I really have to say about him.  As usual, there's a good solid learning curve in this level, but once you get it it's yours.

The second half of the level is, yet again, probably the easier half, although it's closer than other levels.  Most of the turrets are fairly easily dodged/killed, and the turtle tanks get wiped by Storm Tornado, at least once it is replenished from the first half of the level (through the magic of dying).  Mistakes seemed to bite me in the butt more here though, so it's a trade-off.  Those wheeled guys tend to either be really stupid and non-threatening, or tanky and in the way.  One good charge shot can incapacitate them, but it isn't always a great option.

After that is Spark Mandrill.  You might notice that there is very little focus on him.  Really, all it took was one big discovery (probably a discovery of the variety that everyone who has played this game knows about and I'm just late to the party) and he was down for the count. I get the feeling that the vanilla mechanics really got in Hart-Hunt's way for making this one a tricky but fair boss fight.  I don't mind a breather maverick though.  Although one other thing that I noticed is that I seemed to have trouble dashing properly in his arena.  It's probably just me messing something up trying to go too fast.  But did anybody else notice a lack of control in this fight, or am I just going crazy?