Death Count:

Intro Stage: 5
Chill Penguin: 68
Storm Eagle: 22
Sting Chameleon: 73
Armored Armadillo: 62
Spark Mandrill: 28
Flame Mammoth: 29

It's weird, this episode felt very difficult when I was playing, but when I look back on it this was definitely one of the easiest stages. In fact, Storm Eagle was probably the only easier one. I didn't find a darn thing in terms of collectibles, but as it turns out, there's no way that I could have. Actually, I pegged exactly where each of the items were while I played through, if you notice, but I forget about everything before I actually went back to get stuff, so it doesn't help me at all.

For perhaps the first time, the first half of the stage is actually easier than the second! The laser robots and miner robots in this stage can be hard to avoid sometimes, but their damage alone is a minor inconvenience with the amount of HP that I have now. I beat this part quickly enough that I didn't even need to edit any of it afterwards.

The second half of this stage is definitely the meat of this episode. There are a lot of tricky obstacles in here that are very difficult to avoid damage on. Often there are a whole bunch of moving enemies on screen that you have to avoid all at once and/or a shield guy in an awkward place. Throw in a couple of tricky piston jumps, and this area is something of a gauntlet. Thankfully, I have enough HP to practice several of the tricky areas on any given run, which cuts down on the amount of restarts I need to figure this place out. I never do figure out how to dodge the one shield guy on a small ledge, but once I managed to get the hang of the rest of it, that was pretty much the only hit I took on the way to the short ladder that I have to climb up. I clearly have no idea what I am doing after that, and almost blow it by being careless, but I tank my way through the last bit and make it to the boss.

And, mirroring the first part of the segment, the boss goes down easily enough that I don't even have to edit the footage. He's a big target, and it's easy to use the walls to my advantage here. Electric Spark pierces his defenses (as does Storm Tornado, but for some reason I didn't catch on to how useful it could have been until I went back and looked at the footage here), which allows me to focus on my own defense more easily. I have a lot of leeway to dodge him when on the walls, as he has more difficulty jumping in my face than a lot of the other bosses have so far. There's not much else to say, really.