Death Count:

Intro Stage: 5
Chill Penguin: 68
Storm Eagle: 22
Sting Chameleon: 73
Armored Armadillo: 62
Spark Mandrill: 28
Flame Mammoth: 29
Launch Octopus: 48
Boomer Kuwanger: 14

I am the most powered up state that I reach while going through the mavericks' stages, and it shows. The enemy placements aren't nearly as threatening when I have such a large arsenal of weapons. And the stage sure forces me to use a great variety of them. Storm Tornado, Ice Shot, C-Sting and the Homing Torpedo are all quite helpful for making it through, and R-shield got use against the boss. Although whether that last one helped or not, you'll have to be the judge. Also, gosh dang it, how often did I mess up the name "Homing Torpedo"? Seriously, why can't I say that correctly? The Flame weapon and E. Spark are the only ones that I ignore, although the Flame Weapon could have seen use against those tank guys if I was running out of Storm Tornado.

The first half of the stage is fairly easy at this point. There's not too many spikes, enemies can be destroyed strategically without damage often, and the hits that I take can be absorbed more easily by my massive HP. I mess it up a couple of times, but I would have found it even easier if I had known at that point that I can stand on those sentry bots. And then I reach the elevator, which thankfully gives enough warning of what's coming so that I can defeat it on my first try. Which is good, because unlike the speed sections of Armored Armadillo, backtracking all this way to slowly work out what movements I need to make would be painful.

After that comes the hardest part of this stage. Climbing through the turrets and ladder spiders requires taking your time, but making it through with little damage is fairly easy. Making it through with no damage would be much harder though. After that, I need to climb up the area with the moving turrets and spikes. The area that comes before the HP powerup is simple so long as I start using my weapons strategically again. Which is good, because I end up having to redo that part a lot. But after that comes a tricky jump that I definitely didn't master while playing. I fluke through that part once, and if I hadn't had a stupid death to the spikes up top due to a miscalculation on my end, this stage would have had not only the smallest number of deaths since the intro stage, but also taken the shortest amount of time. My mistake forces me to do back and learn how to beat the tougher part in a more sane way. Despite having many less deaths than Storm Eagle, this stage took much longer because my mistakes required less backtracking.

I suspect that the jump that gave me trouble would have been a lot easier if I had known that you can dash wall jump towards the wall that you are clinging to. But for some reason, I had no clue that was possible. So I end up needing one of two very precise jumps to make it through. However, once I make it through the rest of the level is fairly easy. I can systematically destroy everything above without taking too much damage.

Having had so little trouble with Boomer Kuwanger, I legitimately jumped to the conclusion that the only way in which I could have defeated a boss reasonably quickly in this mod is that the boss stage might be bugged (the double doors on the way in helped to throw me off too). But looking at other footage of this game reveals this not to be the case. All I have to say is that Homing Tornadoes... ahem Torpedos totally wreck this guy.