Despite being a Monster-In-A-Box, Katana Soul is one of the hardest fights in the WoR.  The Illumina does us little good here, as the elemental skeans that it spams can't miss and its physical attacks have boosted accuracy, so we'll evade almost nothing here.  Playing the elemental game with a Minerva and a piece of Imp gear to absorb Water does decently here, but its physical attacks, Shock Wave, and Blow Fish are still common enough that we're likely to be killed twice in a row, preventing us from re-establishing Life 3 before dying again.

I settled upon using Imp gear Gogo here.  Unlike against the dragons, we don't want to try abusing perma-Vanish here.  Katana Soul's Blow Fish will eventually ruin our day, and the Io Rage only does an average of ~2500 damage per turn in this fight, so it's not fast enough here.  Therefore, we'll use Shadow Edges to gain immunity to its physical attacks instead.  Next, we'll use Edgar's Bio Blaster to inflict the Poison status, which the boss is weak to, so it'll outpace any other source of damage.  Then we start adding a dose of Sabin's ultimate Blitz on top of that, which Gogo can use more effectively than Sabin can.  It may seem like we should setup Poison and then Rage Io, but it's unlikely that Vanish will remain after we've spent a turn poisoning the boss, and we don't have enough command slots on Gogo to add Rage to our moveset just in case.

From here, we just need to get lucky with Blow Fish never occurring.  I don't think there's a good way around banking on luck for that.  I think it's still less luck-reliant than using the Minerva, and using Shadow for Life 3 barely helps when he's likely to just get killed again the turn after Blow Fish goes off anyways.  Plus, we really need Shadow for a different fight.  We only need to dodge Blow Fish twice, so it's not asking for a lot.

However, entering the fight without Vanish was a genuine mistake.  While Vanish causes the Shadow Edges to miss, we could have waited for whenever Katana Soul decided to remove Vanish and then thrown the Shadow Edge on that turn.  With Vanish, we wouldn't risk a 1/3 chance of death on the first turn and we'd have a chance that we could setup Poison a turn faster.

As a cute aside, on the off chance we needed healing, we could have thrown a Water-element Trident at ourselves to accomplish that.  I most definitely had the foresight to buy a dozen in the WoB and definitely didn't just edit my save to add them in...

The Blue Dragon is more straightforward.  Imp gear, when used under the actual Imp status for once, is an instant victory here.  All of its attacks are Water-elemental or physical, so it's thwarted by our Water-absorption and perfect Defense.

We don't want the battle to take a year, so we bring Setzer to this one.  Fixed Dice bypass the Imp's Battle Power drop and the Offering's damage penalty, so Setzer is actually capable of dealing good damage while Imped.  Plus, we take a risk by starting without Imp to Poison the boss at the start (triggering the rare Rippler script and forcing us to Poison it again).  Our dice rolls are stellar on average, so the fight ends pretty quickly.

Character Uses:
Terra - 1
Locke - 3
Cyan - 4
Shadow - 3
Edgar - 4
Sabin - 4
Celes - 4
Strago - 4
Relm - 0
Setzer - 3
Mog - 2
Gau - 4
Umaro - 3
Gogo - 3