Tier 3 is the scariest part of this whole fight.  It has both the highest chance for a reset and the most punishing resets.  But we'll do what we can.

Let's talk about Girl first.  Like Curley of the Dream Stooges, she'll heal with Pearl Wind, which heals for an amount equal to her current HP.  It's difficult to break through considering our low damage output, and unlike against Curley, we have no AI quirks up our sleeve to shut it down.  However, we have two things going for us: Girl won't use Pearl Wind every turn, and she only has 9999 HP.  Therefore, the solution is brute force and good luck.

This is a reason we want Mog, and the main reason why we need the Gem Box.  With our damage output from a dual-cast generally being over 2500, we only need three dual-casts in a row without a Pearl Wind to prevent Girl from outhealing us.  Assuming Girl doesn't miss with Calmness (more on that later), we'll generally have a 1/27 chance of achieving this with an arbitrary set of three dual-casts.  In other words, this tends to take a while, even if Sleep doesn't throw a wrench into things.  If we didn't have the Gem Box, we'd need to use seven Ultimas without a Pearl Wind, which simply isn't happening.  We may as well MP-mill them at that point.

As for surviving their attacks in the meantime, Girl's only means of "offense" is Calmness, a Sleep inducing move.  If we're hit with it, we'll likely die in our sleep.  She doesn't use it that often though.  Rest (I'll use the boss' GBA name here to avoid ambiguity) is the main damage dealer here.  For the last time in this series, here is his attack cycle:
</p><ol class="standard-text-interrupt">
    <li>Merton or W. Wind or Nothing</li>
    <li>Fight (2/3) or Condemned (1/3)</li>
</ol><p class="standard-text">
Merton is a Fire/Wind element attack that hit everyone and can't be evaded.  W. Wind is fractional damage.  Nothing doesn't sound dangerous, but it can throw us off the turn cycle if Rest doesn't act.  His Fight is extremely strong, much moreso than Hit's or Poltergeist's.  Condemned is what Doom is named in this game, and it will kill us after a set period of time.

We can survive Fight with a Flame Shield, but we'd need to be at decent HP to do it, and the key here is that we don't want to give up free chances to use Ultima until Girl is dead.  Therefore, we need to swap our shield every turn.  On turn 1, we need the Flame Shield to survive Merton.  On turn 2, we need the Genji Shield to gain perfect Defense and avoid taking damage from the physicals.  We don't really want to see Merton here.  Merton won't hurt us, but it will heal Girl, and considering how hard it is already to take her down, that's not good.  Still, nothing to do about it but keep spamming Ultima.

The scariest move is Condemned.  We obviously can't spare a Relic slot to block instant death, so we just have to play around it.  The good news is that Condemned's timer will always expire on our turn, so we'll always have the correct shield equipped to deal with Rest's follow-up attack.  However, it will deny us an Ultima when it kills us and force us to spend another spell resetting Life 3.  On top of that, if Girl happens to use Calmness right after we die from Condemned, we'll get put to sleep and die before we can set Life 3 back up again.  This is the only risk of dying in this phase other than a mistake; it's not likely to happen, but if the fight drags on long enough, it's bound to happen eventually.  Thankfully, I never lost a run to this.

So there's the setup, at any rate.  As luck would have it, this attempt killed Girl by far the fastest out of any I did, so you don't get to enjoy the "fun" of watching me bang my head against the wall for ten minutes.  As with the first two tiers, after clearing out the initial threats from the field, we have a moment of safety to prepare for a dangerous final phase.

Meteo.  That's the final phase.  Rest just spams Meteo.  It's one of the few low-accuracy spells, but we can still only dodge them for so long with our moderate Magic Evade.  Rest will also counter with more Meteo and Train, which Mutes us.  We want to kill Rest with four Ultimas when he enters the final phase, but we're just shy of dealing enough damage.  However, there's a trick we can use here.  If Rest knocks himself into the final phase with Merton, he won't counterattack with Meteo/Train on that turn, and this will give us an advantage.  We may end up entering the phase with Condemned status, but it's a small price to pay since we'll probably just die to Meteo and have it removed anyways.