I tried a few things to get the comment box working, but my options were limited.  The first thing I tried was Cactus Comments, which seemed like the perfect solution to avoid relying on any big companies.  However, this fell apart because of aggressive cross-origin policies on Neocities' end.  It's possible to reduce the restrictions on cross-origin scripts by becoming a paid Neocities supporter, but I wanted to avoid paying for this site.  That said, this is clearly the best solution if I'm paying for something; I'd rather support Neocities and use Cactus Comments than pay for something else.

The "Neocities way" is to use Chattable, but I didn't like this because it doesn't have the look and feel of a blog comments section.  You can customize it with CSS, but that's not enough to make it work the way that I want it to.

This left one option: using an Iframe to load an external site.  This isn't ideal by any means.  Iframes kinda suck to work with, I needed to rely on an external site (Blogger in this case), it might break in the future as cross-origin policies become more strict, and it took a while to write all the hacky code on Blogger to make this work.  But it <i>does</i> work, and that's the most important thing.

The reason why I can make it work is that Blogger allows me to customize the theme pretty heavily.  I don't have absolute control, but I have a lot.  First, I removed all the widgets I could from my Blogger blog.  Then, I started adjusting the theme by removing everything that wasn't a widget and styling the remaining comments section to fit my site.  I can include scripts to send messages back to the parent window, which means that I can communicate with my website to tell it to resize the Blogger Iframe.  This allows the Iframe to transparently fit onto my site without scrollbars.

Next, I needed to prevent some links from being opened in the Iframe to avoid more cross-origin restrictions.  I could do this by hijacking the default behaviour of most buttons/links with scripts on the Blogger side and either disablind them or causing them to open pages in new tabs rather than trying to open them inside my Iframe.  Unfortunately, there's still one button that doesn't work outside of Firefox: the profile image button next to the "Enter Comment" box.  This is inside an Iframe itself, and I <i>don't</i> have access to that one, so I can't mess with the button behaviour.  Still, it's not that big a deal.  At least it just does nothing instead of breaking my Iframe.

Finally, there are some links that would normally navigate back to the Blogger blog itself.  Since the Blogger blog is a dummy, we don't want to navigate there, so I added a script that automatically navigates back to my site when you go to Blogger directly.  This is disabled in the Iframe via a query parameter to prevent the site from just continuing to load the blog.  One hack is that the post title tells my Blogger-side scripts which page on my site to redirect to.  So when I create a new blog post on my site, I need to do the following:

1. Create a corresponding blog post on Blogger
2. Make the post title the URL with the link to the blog post
3. Add the Iframe on my site that points to the correct Blogger page