If you thought the "Can't Run Away" messages were broken during the Ultros I fight, you haven't seen anything yet.

So my original plan for this part of the game was to Metamorph Flame Shields from some Bombs and use them both to absorb Flame Eater's attacks and to overwhelm Ultros III with damage.  I had thought this to be possible because Moogleboss used them to defeat Dullahan in his Low Level No Equipment Natural Magic Challenge, but I was unaware that it is impossible to Metamorph rare items using Magicite Shards (farmed from Flans before Number 024).

You see, it should be possible to do that.  The reason why it isn't possible is because successfully Metamorphing the shield requires an unlikely series of random numbers to be generated, and that sequence just can't be generated by this old game's random number generator.  The only reason why it's normally possible to get Flame Shields is because you can, in fact, Metamorph Flame Shields when using Setzer's Slots, but this isn't an option here when we can't use Setzer.  This really sucks because the Flame Shields would have made every remaining WoB fight much easier.

So we're back to the drawing board, but not out of the game yet.  The Crescent Island sections seem completely impossible at first glance.  We have to solo them with Locke, and both Flame Eater and Ultros III can OHKO him with several of their attacks.  In particular, Flame Eater uses Fireball about half the time, and there is no way to prevent getting killed by it.  On top of that, we have the Balloons to worry about; even if Flame Eater never moved, they would force us to heal almost all the time to survive.  And without rods or spells, our damage output is frankly atrocious, so there's no killing it quickly.  Even a DA won't cut it; we've long passed the time when we can OHKO a boss with one at low levels.

However, there is a way to deal with Flame Eater; we can just Jump over all of his attacks.  Yes, all of them.  This isn't as simple as just holding A.  If it was, I think Jump would be a lot more infamous among FF6 players.  However, by running away just before and just after we jump, we can trigger "Can't Run Away" messages that stall just enough time to create a cycle where the boss only acts when we're in the air.  This gives us an important tool for this fight, but we're not out of the woods yet.

First off, Flame Eater counter-attacks with Fire 2 when attacked.  This means that we need to use Reflect Rings to defend ourselves.  Easy enough, but this prevents us from using the Running Shoes or the Sneak Ring, either of which would have been nice.  In addition, we can't reliably jump-cheese everything on the field, which means that we will take damage from the Balloons sometimes.  To this end, I redid the Number 024 fight and stole the rare Drainer sword, which allows us to heal ourselves when we jump.  Now we have all the tools we need.

Our Relics are basically locked, but we can equip the Green Beret instead of the Bard's Hat to give us a pretty high chance of surviving four hits from the Balloons.  This is much better than occasionally evading hits.

In the "first phase" of the fight, avoiding Flame Eater's attacks is paramount.  However, we also need to prevent the Balloons from using Self-Destruct, as this will eventually kill us.  Since Flame Eater always opens with Bomblet, we have an opportunity to bust out a Magicite Shard.  If it's not Siren, which will Mute the Balloons, we reset.  A bit annoying, but this is basically the only RNG in the fight and it's right at the start.  Next, all of the Balloons will attack, and their animations will get in the way enough that we can get in the air before Flame Eater moves.  We don't have enough time to swap weapons around during this phase, so we just leave the Drainer equipped.  The goal of the first phase is to run it out of MP, which actually doesn't take that long with it burning through spells every turn.

Once Flame Eater's out of MP, our next goal is to try and Steal the Flame Sabre from it.  This is one of the few places we can get one, and it may be useful when escaping the Floating Continent.  This normally requires a fair bit of caution, but on this attempt we just Steal it immediately and move on with our lives.  It's a common Steal, so it wasn't that unlikely (20% chance), but this is still pretty lucky.

And finally, in "phase three", we finally start to kill the darn thing.  Now is when we start switching to the Blizzard to get extra damage where possible.  Selling off the second Blizzard before the fight is actually a good idea just to make the menuing faster and easier.  We'll never need the second Blizzard, but a bad menu could genuinely still get us killed here.  Eventually we fall into a nice pattern where the Balloons get "stuck" behind Flame Eater in the ATB queue, and we're lucky enough that they never fall out of that position (it's pretty likely to happen).  With that, Flame Eater falls.

I'm not going to upload Ultros III because there's already enough jump spam in this video to last a lifetime and that video is just longer and more boring.  Ultros has no counterattacks or Balloons with him, so we can equip the Running Shoes to make that fight free.  Don't worry though; this strategy doesn't really beat everything.  It was just an ace-in-the-hole for this part of the game in particular.  I'm still a bit worried about the IAF sequence, the Floating Continent escape, and the Tentacles.