First off, I'd like to note that we want an extra Tempest and the Debilitator for this fight.  The former is stolen from Number 128 in the Magitek Facility, and the latter is stolen from Missile Bay during the IAF Sequence.  As you probably recall, we didn't Steal either of those items.  That said, it wouldn't have been too hard to Steal them if we really wanted to.  We had a fair bit of control over the Number 128 fight and Air Force wasn't dangerous at all once Laser Gun was dead (thank goodness the Debilitator isn't stolen from Laser Gun).  While the Steals are rare, neither boss has a common Steal, so we can just keep trying until we get them.

That said, the Debilitator and second Tempest would have still been rather tedious to get, and they're really only useful for this optional version of the fight.  The Debilitator will be buyable soon, and the second Tempest will be more or less useless in the WoR.  Therefore, I temporarily edited these items into my save file for demonstration purposes.  The jumpcheese strategy will thus be the "official" version of this fight even though we can absolutely win without it.

In this fight, attacks usually either do nothing or kill people, so most equipment slots are irrelevant.  Everybody needs Wall Rings since Atma has a lot of Reflectable spells that it would be foolhardy to try playing around, so our Relic slots are limited too.  The most important thing to note is that we're banking on Locke being barely able to tank an MT Blaze.  This attack would normally be our bane in an LLG since we can't use Gau (the normal EXP sink) offensively and defensively at the same time.  However, if we give Locke a shield (so no dual-wielding), the Green Beret (for the HP boost), and the White Cape (yes, reducing damage by approximately 8 is critical here), he can just barely tank an MT Blaze.  In addition, the White Cape gives us a small chance of dodging physical attacks and improves our odds of surviving Meteo, though that's usually a death sentence regardless.

Surviving Blaze is huge since it means that the long first phase of the fight (~12 000 HP) isn't very dangerous anymore.  In Atma's first phase, he only uses physical attacks, Flare, and Blaze, and Blaze is fairly uncommon.  Physical attacks can only kill one person, so we can just revive as often as necessary.  Physical attacks on Locke are the worst, as we need to both revive and heal him to survive Blaze, so we don't get any attacks off.  Flare is great, as he'll deal a bit of damage to himself and give us a chance to queue our ATBs.  Locke is the only character who can double-turn this surprisingly speedy boss without Haste, and we even need to use the Menu Trick to make that work.  An extra bonus of Flare is that Locke can always get two turns before Atma acts again.

If Atma uses an MT Blaze, that's when things get spicy.  In general, we'll enter a res-loop until Atma uses Flare.  A second MT Blaze at this point is game over, but that's very rare.  Once Atma uses Flare, we can get back on our feet and slip in an extra attack with Locke to boot.

Since the first phase is so tame, we have a chance to Debilitate Atma (i.e., make him weak to) to several elements before the more dangerous second phase.  The ones that we want are Poison, Fire, and Wind.  Poison isn't critical, as it only increases the damage of the rare reflected Bio spell from Atma.  If it doesn't show up, it's not worth spending extra turns to get it.  Fire is needed to increase Locke's damage output slightly with the elemental blades and increase the damage of Atma's Fire 2 spell, which he uses on a regular basis.  Wind is important since Cyan is our main damage dealer here.

This is why we really want a second Tempest.  With Cyan dual-wielding Tempests in the front and hitting the forced Wind weakness, he can deal a whopping 700 damage on average every turn thanks to Wind Slash procs.  Compared to a regular playthough, this isn't great, but for our circumstances it's pretty darn impressive.  We try to attack with Cyan every chance we get and heal with one of the other two when possible.  It takes a bit of time to get to Phase 2, but with this setup we're ready to go in guns blazing.

The second phase is where things get dicey.  We can't survive reliably, so we're looking to push through here as fast as possible.  Atma doesn't use Blaze here, so keeping Locke healed is no longer a priority.  Atma follows a fairly predictable cycle in this phase.  The least predictable turn is the first, where he'll use Bio, Quake, or Meteo.  Bio gives us a free turn.  Meteo is the opposite.  It's a non-elemental spell that has low accuracy, but will kill anybody that it hits.  We'll probably just die, and even if we don't, we'll lose enough turns that we're more likely to die to Mind Blast, Flare Star, or another Meteo.  Bard's Hats are equipped to Cyan and Edgar to improve our odds.  It's definitely possible to win if he uses Meteo, but that's not what happened here.

Quake is somewhere in the middle, as we can deal with it reliably, but have to make sacrifices to do so.  Locke absorbs it for free thanks to his Gaia Gear, but the other two are, unluckily, the exact two characters that can't equip it.  Cyan doesn't have a Relic slot if he's using the Genji Glove, but we can give a Cherub Down to Edgar for inherant Float.  Although Edgar would definitely appreciate a Hero Ring to boost his damage or a Ribbon to more reliably deal with Mind Blast, I decided that the Cherub Down is the best option.  Since Atma will always use a physical attack on turn two of this phase, we'll lose 4-5 turns if two characters die to Quake, which can be devastating.  And even though Quake isn't common, keep in mind that we're already looking not to see Meteo on this turn; we can't push our luck any further than that.

Eventually, Atma will use Mind Blast.  This move randomly distributes four status among all characters who are hit.  With only three characters, the statuses are spread more densely among the party, and we don't have room for any status protection beyond the White Cape, which protects Locke from Imp.  Some combinations of statuses are just run-killers.  If Locke is at full HP, Berserk on him is pretty much an instant game over since we have no way to kill and revive him to remove the status in time for Flare Star.  On this attempt, Cyan gets Imped, which I decide not to heal since he's doing more damage through Wind Slash than his physical attacks.  This was probably a mistake; in hindsight, I think we could have saved turns by healing it with Locke, but whatever.  Locke also gets Slowed, but this doesn't end up causing an issue here.

Next, Atma will begin flashing.  It may not look like he's doing anything on that turn, but he applies Safe, Shell, and Haste, reducing our damage output.  This is part of the reason why we needed to get so much damage off at the start of this phase.  We can no longer double-turn him with Locke and we even need to run-stall to avoid losing turns with Cyan and Edgar in some circumstances.  There is no way to remove these buffs in this challenge.  Once Atma has fully charged, he will unleash Flare Star.  The only reason why this attack is survivable is because its damage is based on our party's levels.  It will randomly select a character from our party and deal more damage if their level is higher.  In this case, if the attack randomly selects Locke (who is level 10), we will still die.  This is because the damage is split among all living party members; with only three characters to split between, we're taking more damage than usual.  This means we have a 1/3 chance of dying to every Flare Star.

After Flare Star, the cycle restarts.  We revive Edgar since he's the one who can survive Quake and hope for the best.  On this run, we get lucky that Cyan pulls off a DA right after Atma buffs himself, which gets us to the third phase before Atma even completes his second cycle.  The odds of pulling off a DA at some point during the fight aren't too bad because of the sheer number of times that we're using Fight at low HP, but pulling it off at this particular moment was really lucky.  After ~6000 damage, we reach the third phase.

The third phase isn't too different from the first.  Atma will start using Blaze again, and he'll use it about as often as in the first phase.  This means that we need to keep Locke at full HP again.  On paper, this phase is easier than the first because Atma will usually use percentage-based and MP damaging attacks instead of killing characters with physical attacks.  As a bonus, he'll damage himself with Flare counterattacks as well.  However, we have to keep in mind that he retains his Haste from the second phase.  With run-stalling, I don't think our odds of dying from Blaze are any different than before, but I'm glad that we didn't have to test that theory here.  After another ~6000 damage, Atma is down!