This is a fight that would normally not be tough at all, but with solo Edgar this becomes a lot harder.  The Running Shoes and Wall Ring Relics completely shut down this fight even in an LLG, but we aren't able to equip Edgar before this fight, so we can't use any Relics.  How are we supposed to win when just about everything OHKOs us?

This fight just wouldn't be realistic if we didn't have Sabin and Celes around.  The reason why we need them so badly is because of Seize.  When somebody is Seized, the Tentacle that Seized them won't be able to attack or counterattack.  This provides us a crucial opening to deal as much damage as possible.  Since Edgar joins us in the middle of the fight, we need to have other characters alive when we enter.  This means that it isn't violating the rules if Sabin/Celes are alive.  While I did leave them in the back row by mistake, they were never attacked physically, so it's irrelevant.

When the fight starts, Edgar will automatically have his equipment optimized.  In other words, the equipment with the highest defense and attack (with some exceptions) will be equipped.  For the most part, this is what we want.  We buy an Enhancer, which provides +20 Magic Evasion boost, and the Diamond Armor/Shield, which have the best defenses.  However, the helmet is a different story.  What we really want is the 10 Magic Evasion from the Bard's Hat.  The helmets with the highest defense don't do much for us, so we sell them off before the fight in order to make sure that Edgar is equipped properly.

As you're probably aware, the Magic Evasion stat evades both physical and magical attacks in this game.  With the 31 Magic Evasion that we've managed to wrack up, we have almost a 1/4 chance of dodging the Tentacles' Slow-inflicting special attack and a small chance of dodging Poison/Bio too.  It's not much, but we need to stack every bit of odds in our favour.  I actually don't know how many physical hits we survive, as somehow I never ate a physical attack with anybody on any of my attempts.  That's pretty crazy, especially as I thought the only realistic way to win would involve the Tentacles attacking physically several times.  Regardless, my estimate was that Edgar would survive two hits and that Sabin/Celes would be OHKO'd.

The key to this fight is the Super Ball item, which is now available in Tzen.  They provide the damage output that we've been lacking for basically the entire game.  However, their damage output is incredibly random, ranging from 256 damage to ~8K, and we can't choose how the damage is spread.  We aren't going to be sticking around for many turns, so we need high rolls.

With all that in mind, here's what needs to happen.  On the first turn, Edgar uses the Chainsaw on the bottom-left Tentacle, the only one that is weak to instant death.  If the instant-death Chainsaw doesn't connect (less than 1/4 chance of success), we restart.  If it does, then we have one turn to throw a Super Ball before the Tentacles start moving.  It's possible, albeit unlikely, for us to OHKO a second Tentacle on the first turn, but that's not what happens here.

From here, the most likely path to victory is that Sabin and Celes are immediately Seized.  Essentially, for a character to be Seized, one Tentacle needs to inflict Slow with their special attack (confusingly also called "Seize") or Entwine.  Once a character is Slowed, they will always be Seized immediately upon a Tentacle's next turn.  In this fight, that goes to plan.  This means that the Tentacles lose a ton of turns.  Even better, we kill the weakest Tentacle fairly quickly, reducing the number of targets and incoming attacks.

But we're not out of the woods even with how well that went.  We still need strong Super Balls to kill the Tentacles before they Discard, and there's still one Tentacle that hasn't Seized that can end the run at any moment.  And, in fact, it ends up using Entwine on Edgar.  This really should have been the end of this attempt, as it's game over if a Tentacle gets another turn and Seizes Edgar.

However, by some miracle, the Super Balls first pull off a ~3K damage hit against the Tentacle that hasn't Seized, preventing it from getting a turn off.  The second Tentacle eventually Discards Sabin (who lived somehow?), but it is just barely too slow to take another turn before Edgar... who lands a Super Ball for ~5K damage.  It feels like a miracle, but frankly any successful attempt at this battle would have felt like a miracle, so in some ways it's just par for the course.  With enough attempts, something like this would have happened eventually.