You might be surprised to see this series jump straight from the Tentacles to Kefka, but trust me, you really aren't missing anything.  With the most broken options in the game at our disposal and a full party for once, the WoR is mostly a breeze.  This fight will exhibit that fairly nicely.

In terms of equipment, we are able to stack perfect (at least 128) M. Evade on both Locke and Edgar, so they can evade any attacks that are evadable.  In addition, Locke has his Relic slots available to use for a True Knight, allowing him to block Sleep's Calmness in place of Cyan/Gogo, which would otherwise be mildly dangerous.  We've used our best equipment on Locke/Edgar and Cyan isn't great at M. Evade stacking due to his weapons being useless, so Cyan takes the Paladin Shield to deal with any elemental attacks.

Gogo's role is a bit different.  There are only three attacks that we can't deal with through either elemental protection or M. Evade, and one of these is Kefka's Goner.  We could always Jump over it, but that's unreliable because of Kefka's Hyperdrive counterattacks and it would require sacrificing Relic slots that we need for increasing M. Evade with White Capes.  Instead, the best solution is to just straight up tank Goner.  With a Force Shield, Titanium, Imp's Armor, and two White Capes, Gogo has 247 Magic Defense and Shell.  This drops Goner's damage to a whopping 60.  Kefka's other attacks in phase 2 are no threats, so we have plenty of time to revive.  Gogo's M. Evade is still really high to boot.  Gogo takes Tools for instant death, Item to revive against Kefka, and Throw to knock characters to low HP or set up Image if we feel like it.

You might expect that with Gogo, we have basically every move in the game at our disposal.  For example, we could use Step Mine with an Economizer to deal 9999 damage every turn.  However, just because Gogo can use every move doesn't mean they can learn every move.  We have never had an opportunity to learn any Lores or Rages with our ruleset.  This means that Super Balls are still our best source of damage.  For key moments, we can also break the more costly elemental shields for damage.  Remember that the rules specifically prohibit breaking Rods; shields are fair game IMO.

Since obtaining these items takes time, we want to strike a balance between winning efficiently and having to do a ton of extra farming.  This is where Gogo's Mimic comes in.  By Mimicing, we can throw items without actually consuming any in order to stretch out our resources.  This is perfect for the parts of the battle where we can't die anyways.

Speaking of which, against the first tier, we just can't die.  None of their attacks can hit Locke or Edgar.  The only concern is Quake, which can be used as a dying attack by the Face if the Face is killed last.  If Locke and Edgar are dead going into the next tier, they'll be removed from the party, so this is no good.  The Face is conveniently weak to Fire, so we throw a Shield at it in order to kill it first and then finish off the arm with Super Balls.

The second tier isn't really threatening either.  Flare Star from Tiger is pretty much the only dangerous thing, but when we have four characters, Cyan absorbs fire, and Locke/Edgar resist fire, it's not too dangerous.

The third tier is a bit more threatening.  Edgar takes the Thunder Shield to nullify Merton's wind damage until Sleep's second phase.  This is necessary to prevent a party wipe to Merton and an untimely Condemned on Cyan.  Super Balls generally defeat Girl before her healing becomes a problem.  Once Sleep reaches his final phase, he'll only use Meteo, which can be evaded, and we can switch back to the Force Shield at this point.  Locke will protect the party from the final Calmness attack as well.  Therefore, as long as we're careful to only throw Super Balls when all of our characters are alive (minding the Meteo counterattacks), we'll be moving onto Kefka with four characters.

Like the other parts of the fight, Kefka has few attacks that can hit us, and we've already discussed how to deal with Goner.  The other two issues are Meteor and Ultima, which crop up in his final phase.  Fortunately, Kefka's final phase is only his last ~8K HP, which isn't much in the endgame.  Meteor is used during Kefka's turn, so we aren't at risk of dying to it if we just kill him fast.  Even though Ultima is a counterattack, we can still play around it by attacking while Kefka is charging up Goner; he turns off counterattacks during that time.

In order to keep track of Kefka's HP, we can pause the game every time we hit him and subtract the damage from his HP in a calculator.  You can see me pausing to do this, but I edited out the time when the game was paused since it's almost two minutes of wasted time in total.  We don't want to be at the mercy of Super Ball RNG, so the last damage of the fight should be done with shields.  Once he gets knocked to under 16K HP, we should stop throwing Super Balls since we don't want to push him into the final phase when we aren't prepared yet.  We need to Debilitate Kefka to one of the primary elements and use the other shields to knock him to just above 8K HP.  Then we wait for Goner and throw the shield that he's weak to with each character, finishing the fight and the run.

Overall, I made plenty of mistakes in this fight.  I used too many Super Balls and derped around with unnecessary prep against tier 2, unequipped the elemental shield from Edgar too early against tier three, started using the Debilitator later than I needed to, and accidentally broke the shields that Kefka was weak to before I should have.  But I never made any mistakes that could have gotten us killed.  In other words, I believe that this strategy has a 100% success rate for the entire fight, which is pretty neat.