This is just going to be an addendum to the challenge that contains information about all of the battles that weren't interesting enough to merit their own videos.  Feel free to skip if you're not interested; there isn't too much to see here that you won't have seen already in the other videos.

Marshal - Nothing changes until the Marshal fight when we pick up Locke.  Since the Moogles are temporary characters, we're allowed to use them.  The only difference is that we must use Locke's party instead of Mog's.  This means that we need to kill off Locke before the battle ends to avoid EXP from the Lobos.  Even though I misclicked and killed the second Lobo, provoking Marshal into using his powerful Charge attack, we still win fairly easily.

M-Tek Armour - Instead of Terra doing nothing because she's useless without provoking an unnecessary cutscene, Terra now does nothing because we're not allowed to use her.  That's, uhhh, pretty different, right?

Vargas - Without Terra to heal, we need Locke to heal just about every turn to stay on top of things.  It's not challenging though.  We may need more healing items, but we spent less money on armour since we're not equipping Terra, so it balances out.

Imperial Camp - Leader, Telstar, and the 2x Templar 2x Soldier fights aren't included because they're the same as a regular LLG.  The rules are a bit weird here.  Since Cyan is removed between the battles where he's on auto-pilot, we're technically allowed to heal Sabin/Shadow in between fights.  Also, there's nothing banning Interceptor from proccing.  You may think that's a little cheap, but did you really expect anything interesting here anyways?  We make it through even though Cyan isn't equipped right (he really wanted the Atlas Armlet to OHKO the Grunts).

Spectre - We Possess with a Ghost (another temporary character) for an easy win.

Ghost Train - The first solo fight in the game, and also the easiest.  Just chuck an Elixir at it since it's undead and the Elixir is useless.

Rizopas - Finally, something that has some strategy, at least!  The way this battle works is that Pirahnas will keep spawning for a certain length of time.  Once that timer has expired, the Rizopas will appear after we kill the next wave.  For that reason, we don't need to kill Pirahnas willy-nilly.  We want to finish off the Pirahna with a counter-attack so that we can queue a Retort immediately when Rizopas shows up.  Then we want the Rizopas to attack us physically, triggering the Retort and then getting defeated in return by Dispatch.  I gave Cyan a Black Belt since I estimated that we'd need an additional counter-attack to defeat Rizopas.  However, we should have defeated the last Pirahna with Retort and equipped the Atlas Armlet to consistently hit the range we need to kill Rizopas with Retort and Dispatch.  Whatever, it only took two attempts.

Tunnel Armour - For this fight, we have no choice other than proccing a Desparation Attack (DA) with two pairs of Earrings equipped to boost its damage output.  DAs appear 1 out of 16 times when a character is at low HP and uses Fight.  They can only occur after a timer has elapsed, so we can't use a DA right at the start of the fight.  We can get knocked to low HP reliably if Locke eats a regular attack in the back row and then eats a Drill after swapping to the front.  IIRC, we have the best gear, including a Green Beret, equipped  Anything else that Tunnel Armour can do is a spell that will instantly kill us.  The chance of Tunnel Armour choosing the right attack on each turn is 1/3, so our overall odds of winning are about 1/3 * 1/3 * 1/16 = 1/144.  A bit tedious, but we're using save states before bosses in this run (assuming there are no consecutive battles like in the IAF sequence), so restarts are fast and it should only take 20-30 minutes to win.  I forget how long it took us here.  As an aside, the sound from the game got annoying due to how often I was restarting, so I listened to external music during this fight.  Hope you don't mind.

Kefka 1 - For this section of the game, we can choose our team, so we finally have a party with three characters.  This fight is a standard attack-and-heal affair, but it's tighter than fights like Vargas.  We have to be very scared of Ice 2, which can wipe our party, but it's not likely to be used.  We get very lucky here and he doesn't do too much to threaten us.

Dadaluma - If we have Vanish status, obtained by confusing Gabbledegaks with the Noiseblaster, the only thing he can do is a rare Shockwave attack that only targets one person.  This fight is basically free.

Ultros 2 - Ultros 2 is a lot like Kefka without Ice 2.  Essentially, each location that Ultros can spawn in is a different version of Ultros with its own HP bar.  We can't finish them off fast enough to prevent him from jumping around, but we just need to keep attacking and we'll kill one eventually.  If we play it cautiously, we'll always win.  Also, we can't use SwdTech because he'll counter-attack with a nasty Acid Rain, which we don't want to see.

Ifrit/Shiva - As I mentioned in the Magitek Facility video description, they're basically just shut down by Wall Rings.  We don't really struggle to deal damage to them either.

Number 024 - This is the redo of this fight where we Steal the Drainer.  We just reset any time we don't Steal it on the first attempt.  Now that I know more about the fight after already winning once, I know that we don't need to YOLO with Magicite at all.  Therefore, we use an Atlas Armlet on Cyan to boost his damage output and give Locke the Sneak Ring to improve our odds of Stealing.  After that, we just focus on attacking him and playing well.  Despite the lack of Bahamut, we kill him even faster this time, aided by a rare issue where Number 024's counter-attack prevents him from taking his regular turn for a bit.  Although I'd consider this to be a bug, which I'd rather not use, it's something that will just happen sometimes and I don't think it's worth resetting over.  Also, I somehow screwed up recording the music in this fight *again*, so enjoy the other music overtop I guess.

Ultros 3 - This is the quintessential jumpcheese fight, and it is very, very boring.  Even though it's at 4x speed, I highly recommend that you skip this unless you just want to listen to the music (the 4x speed sound was painful enough to replace).  We can't even Sketch him with Relm to reduce the length of this fight since just killing him is also an option.  We could have equipped the Flame Sabre here, but I was concerned that the Fire proc would throw off the Jump timing.  Turns out that it wouldn't have been an issue, but I didn't discover that until the end of the fight when he had already run out of MP.

Dullahan - Level ? Pearl is like Level 5 Death in that it hits characters whose level is a multiple of a certain number.  However, said number is (for whatever reason) the last digit of our GP total, so we can just sell stuff to set it to 9 or something and this attack won't hit us.  Until we attack Dullahan, it will never use Absolute Zero or any physical attacks, so we are completely safe to sit there with Wall Rings on.  Edgar can also use the Debilitator (now obtained legitimately from Figaro Castle) so that its spells damage itself.  After Dullahan has run out of MP, we're safe to start throwing Super Balls at it.  We have eight chances to throw Super Balls before it will start hitting it with Morning Star, but we defeated it in just three Super Balls here, so it wasn't even close.  Truth be told, we could technically have just thrown Super Balls from the get-go and it would have been a shorter battle, but between the high odds of dying and the time it would take to farm more Super Balls it would have taken longer overall.

Dirt Drgn - After acquiring Gogo and Cyan (who are basically free to obtain), the Dirt Drgn is our first stop.  We avoid its earth attacks with Gaia gear and Cherub Downs, and its physical attacks only kill one person at worst, so we're not in any danger.  We deal damage with the Poison status to avoid having to farm more Super Balls.  Mimicing Super Balls isn't a good option yet because Gogo's M. Evade isn't very high and the dragon will counter-attack to kill Gogo, ruining the Mimic chain.  This fight gives us the Magus Rod with its all-important +30 M. Evade bonus for Gogo.

Ice Dragon - This one is vulnerable to Poison and Confuse.  How sad.  We don't actually equip Ice Shields here because they'll give us AP towards the Ice 2 spell, which we want to avoid (though Gogo can equip shields for free since they don't learn spells in the normal way).  This gives us a Force Shield, which will also be nice to have for the Phoenix Cave.

Red Dragon - The Phoenix Cave is annoying with its unrunnable Phase encounters, but we have to go through here to get Locke, the Illumina, and the Paladin Shield, which make things much easier.  This dragon is defeated the same way as the last one.  We didn't even need to fight it, but may as well I guess.

Storm Drgn - This is the only dragon that doesn't completely suck.  We equip Thunder Shields and the Paladin Shield to deal with its wind-elemental attacks and stack Locke with Magic Defense to handle the non-elemental/unavoidable Rage attack if it occurs (it doesn't).  This fight is worth using Super Balls on, especially since it can't be poisoned.  Once its HP is reduced below ~15K (I just guessed this one rather than calculating it), it will stop using Rage, meaning that Gogo is safe.  That gives us an easy opening to unequip any shields that could give us AP and start Mimicing the last Super Ball to avoid wasting any more than necessary.

Curley/Larry/Moe - At some point we obatin the Illumina with its ridiculous +50 M. Evade bonus and farm some shields from the Coliseum.  We can win more easily at the Coliseum by temporarily selling off all of Edgar's Tools except for the Chainsaw to prevent them from being used.  Then we equip the Soul Sabre and phish for an instant death proc.  I did Cyan's Dream to get the higher level SwdTechs for Cyan, even though this was quite unnecessary since the only one that has a use in this run is Cleave, and that only allows us to hit Long Arm and Tools with instant death more consistently in the final battle.  Still, it only costs us one Super Ball to do the sequence, it felt fitting to do, and we end up obtaining a Genji Glove that we can bet for an extra Thunder Shield at the Coliseum.  We want to zerg rush Curley since it can use Life 2 and the Stooges can use Delta Hit to petrify somebody if all of them are alive (we actually aren't protected against this).  A Mimicked Ice Shield kills in three hits, so this isn't exactly hard to accomplish.  Then the other Stooges can't touch us.  Larry even (wisely) runs away.

Wrexsoul - They can't hit us, and we can use Throw to bypass our own M. Evade when we want somebody dead to expose Wrexsoul.  A Mimicked Ice Shield kills in five hits, long before Wrexsoul can use Zinger again.

Inferno, Ketu, Rahu - They have no way to hit us as long as we don't kill one of the arms.  This means that Mimicking a Thunder Shield is the most efficient way to win this fight.

Doom - Her only means of hitting us is the unblockable Demon Rage attack, which only kills one person and is conveniently telegraphed anyways.  An extra Super Ball is wasted by this, but nothing else of note happens.

Guardian - The main danger here is Tentacle during its Ultros phase, which can't be blocked.  The plan was to use an Inviz Edge to avoid Tentacle and then use Lagomorph from Slot to remove Vanish since Vanish also prevents us from dodging magical attacks.  However, I mistimed it and we just got lucky enough not to see Tentacle anyways.  It goes down before the Atma Weapon phase, which could have been slightly dangerous, I guess.

Poltergeist - This one only has Flare Star to hit us.  Gogo is given the Paladin Shield to absorbs this at the cost of some M. Evade.  She can't kill Locke and Gogo on the same turn, so we're still safe.

Goddess - The most dangerous of the statues, but also the one with the lowest HP.  There's no convenient way to get a Safety Bit or a Lich Ring without gaining EXP in the process, so we're vulnerable to her Cloudy Heaven attack.  However, this attack always goes off after we've hit her eight times, so we can just Jump over that with predicatable timing.  Somehow it didn't matter anyways since we managed to kill her before Gogo died to Cloudy Heaven (those were some lucky Super Balls).  The other threat is Quasar, but it isn't used very often, so we're likely to win if we just keep attacking.