Not only is Myria the hardest of the three statues, but I also have to do a 10-15 minute walk to get to her before the fight starts. This makes restarts a lot more painful.

The good news is that this team has solid offense and healing. Umaro is level 37, so he's actually quite overlevelled at this point. Therefore, he hits for massive damage without me having to pay much attention to him. Unfortunately, he isn't protected from fire-elemental spells, so S. Cross hits him pretty hard. It's easy to slip him a Cure 2 whenever this happens since my healers have little else to do if Myria uses S. Cross. Other than that, Umaro is likely to take most of what comes his way with his high HP and Defense. He wants to be in the back because his regular physical attacks aren't important and don't need to be boosted.

Setzer is very tanky, having both physical and magical defenses. S. Cross may hurt Setzer, but it doesn't hurt him much. He can use RegenX to reapply Regen on everybody very quickly after Aero (sometimes I use it after Mind Blast as well in case it inflicts Seizure), and Cure 2 will probably be enough to heal the party most of the time. The only issue is that he's slow, which usually isn't a big deal in this challenge, but if Mind Blast inflicts Slow is does stack up.

Locke has taken the role of inferior Magic Terra, inferior Vigour Celes, and now it's time for him to take the role of inferior Setzer. He's faster (which helps a little when Setzer and him are on Slow) and he has Life 2 (which I used once, and it kinda helped I guess), but that's about all he has over Setzer. However, he heals for less, he has less MP, and he can't use RegenX, which are all pretty big here. He is also less useful in the randoms leading up to Myria.

Note that I also tested Excalibur Locke, but I didn't find it nearly as safe as this Boring Yet Practical solution.

I played it a little riskily with Gau, which maybe I shouldn't have done. The other three characters have Ribbons because Mind Blast can be a pain, but I opted to make use of Dragon's innate status resistances here to save a Relic slot (which actually allows me to increase Hurtmore's damage by a significant amount). It also allows me to save a re-equip right before Myria IIRC, as the last Ribbon is found just before the fight. The major downside is that if Gau dies before he uses the Dragon Rage, he will end up on Zombie status thanks to Overcast. This doesn't seem too bad in itself, but if I had already selected Dragon before Zombie status is applied, he will begin Raging Dragon, giving him Zombie immunity. In FF6, that prevents the removal of statuses as well, so the Zombie status ends up being permanent. I could avoid this in a regular game by waiting for a safe time to use the Dragon Rage, but I found it difficult to do that here. So I need to be careful with Gau.

Unfortunately, Gau is also the most vulnerable to dying, as Tyrfing from the front row can OHKO him. At least he has high evasion. Thankfully, since Glare isn't an attack, Myria's counterattack will often be aimed at somebody else. So even if Glare is a wasted attack for me, it at least won't get Gau killed. And if R. Polarity moves Gau to the back, he won't be OHKO by Tyrfing at least. I like having Reraise on Gau to let me know clearly when he dies, and I can apply Reraise on him with little effort in this fight. So Gau is my weakest link defensively, but Hurtmore hits for 9000 damage in the front if nothing else (Jackimus strats FTW!).

Myria's attacks aren't going to outpace two healers, in general, unless I start messing up like I do halfway through the fight by telling Setzer to use Regen instead of RegenX. The Ribbons prevent most of the other wrenches this fight can throw; I just need to be wary of Gau dying and avoid messing up.