Welp, this is it.

This fight is the longest fight in the game, if you count all the parts, clocking in at one hour fifteen minutes. That's fifteen minutes longer than Atma Weapon. Part of the reason is that playing this fight slowly and defensively is a good move. Part of the reason is that nearly everything I select is a Magic spell, and I Summoned all of my Espers, causing my menuing to take a long time. And part of the reason is that I forgot about the Slow status from Blizzard, so it affected me for about half the entire battle.

I chose Terra/Celes/Gogo/Umaro for the fight. Umaro may not be others' first choice for Kefka, but he is absurdly overleveled (level 37) and hits for high single target defense piercing damage. Since I wanted all my characters to have Ribbons to avoid the large variety of status effects that can throw me off here, I don't have room for the Blizzard Orb. It's a shame because Blizzard could have ripped apart the tiers. However, Ultima is its substitute there, and I wanted to maximize Umaro's damage against Kefka. Bringing Umaro also lets me concentrate almost exclusively on staying alive here, as I can take comfort in him doing all the damage even if I'm not paying attention to him. That's actually quite a huge help.

Terra has hilariously high Magic Defense, she can heal well, she can do great damage with Ultima, and she has high HP/MP. What isn't she great at here? I can't Morph to boost Ultima, so that goes unused for once. Physical defenses aren't paramount against Kefka, and I spam Smoke Bombs with Gogo during the tiers, so they aren't an issue.

Gogo is better than Strago at healing (Holy Wind sucks because I can't keep track of Strago's HP) and has better Magic Defense than Shadow, so he's my Smoke Bomb user of choice. In theory I probably could have Mimiced Ultima casts here, but I apparently didn't take advantage of that. It's also nice to have a second character with a full Magic selection.

For the last character, I mostly just wanted somebody with good defenses. With Terra/Umaro doing the lion's share of the damage, and me wanting to hit Kefka as few times as possible, I had no desire to bring another attacker. Although Vigour Celes' Cure 2 only heals for ~700, that's honestly good enough healing for anything in BNW if I have Regen at my side. With Celes/Gogo/Terra all being prepared for healing/utility at a moment's notice, this strategy is flexible enough to deal with a wide variety of possible issues, which is great for a fight like this. And at this point I can actually take advantage of this flexibility, instead of just floundering around because I tried to do something too complicated.

The first tier is relatively nasty to my strat though, packing mostly physical attacks and attacks that hit single characters hard (as I've mentioned before, this is a weakness of this run). I also need to take this time to get set up. It's important to set up Reraise so that nobody dies to Avalanche, so I want to Summon Seraph right away. With only three characters to take turns with, it's easier to tell who dies and loses their Reraise. I think I only mess up applying Reraise once during the entire fight.

Thankfully, they do give me some free turns when missing Imaged characters, and Shock Wave/Glare don't do anything here either. It took me a while to get a free turn with Terra, but when I did they started dropping quickly. Perhaps ironically, this tier is the most likely to kill me or force a restart, but there's low risk at this point because there's not much to redo. Once I can start spamming Smoke Bombs with Gogo things get a lot safer too. Delta Hit is always an enormous pain though, as it always sets me back to having to Regen-Reraise-Smoke Bomb the character who died.

Second tier is a messy fight due to the large number of targets, most of which have a variety of attacks. This is also where my characters are inflicted with Slow, which makes things drag out significantly. I'm most likely to take chances with Ultima against this tier, as it tears through them and this tier gets significantly easier as targets die. Terra is on Ultima duty as early and as often as possible here since I don't need to buff anymore. I mostly just played it fast and loose here; they don't have too much to threaten me here and trying to prepare for such a wide variety of situations is almost futile. So just playing it by ear (literally) and figuring things out as they come is efficient.

Third tier is... really easy? IDK, they pretty much just have multi-target magic attacks. Quasar isn't threatening either. So just heal after they attack, and that's it.

Kefka is long. Very long. Sort of like this challenge as a whole, actually. I have to attack very carefully here to mitigate the chances of things going wrong. But I'm safe as long as I set up so many layers of safety to protect myself. It's unlikely he'll use multiple Goners (or Goner/Meteor) in a row because I'm attacking so slowly, but even if he does, Terra will barely be scratched. Maybe he'll nail Gogo with Havoc or kill him in some other way, but I can identify this and get Gogo back on his feet instantly. Maybe he'll use Goner directly after Fallen One, but I have Reraise on everybody at all times. Kefka can use Revenger to remove that, but now I have tons of time to heal and reapply that Reraise. He can't trick me into being careless with my healing because I have two characters on standby with no other purpose of existing. He can't inflict any status effects besides Stop thanks to my Ribbons. Kefka is basically coming up against a brick wall here.

Maybe something can go wrong, but there's no way everything can go wrong.

So that's the end of the challenge. Thanks to everybody who stuck it out to the end! I'll admit that I'd be surprised if anybody watched every minute of the entire series. After all, I haven't even watched the entire series, and I made the darn thing. ;) But it's nice to finally put this to rest.