One warning that I have is that I included a relatively large amount of blooper material in this episode. You may not want to watch it all, but the first blooper is probably better than the second. The first blooper was a complete mess due to a couple large miscalculations, as well as a handful of smaller ones.

Before I even get to Number 24, I have to make the walk to get there. It's probably the hardest set of randoms up until this point because it is one of the first times that I need to determine which fight is happening and react accordingly, rather than simply finding a one size fits all strat. This was somewhat important in Mt. Kolts as well, but I had more leeway back in the earlygame. The area is fairly short though, and the navigation is simple.

Number 24 is fairly difficult here in comparison to a regular game. Bosses with Regen tend to be that way thanks to the fact that any time I spend messing around ends up costing me damage instead of gaining some from Seizure. However, just like in a regular game, Number 24 gives an incredibly large number of free turns. He spends half the time Wallchanging and failing to attack with Overflow, and then spends maybe 2/3 of his remaining turns using Runicable spells. And on my winning attempt, I get even luckier than the average, so he spends almost all of the battle doing absolutely nothing. After the first part of the battle where I get set up, he hits me with only two or three attacks the entire time, which Gau heals quickly with Dried Meats/Remedies. I could have certainly handled a great deal more punishment than that, however.

I don't Rage Gau because Celes can't heal thanks to the fact that she is too busy with Runic. Edgar would be a poor choice for a dedicated healer. Locke and Gau do similar damage on average, but I can't tell Gau to slow down the offense if I am worried for his safety, so Locke is my choice to attack and Gau is my choice to spam Meat. Oh, and Brawler has a nasty Poison weakness, so Acid Rain is too dangerous when using it. Going Conjurer would slow my offense considerably, as I'd only have Edgar for dedicated offense, so it is going too far defensively considering that characters don't die often with Runic in place. So the best Rage to use is in fact no Rage at all.