In this episode I take care of all the clean-up between the Magitek Facility and the Cave to the Sealed Gate. This is more content than I'd generally do in a segment, but in the BFLLG there's only about ten minutes to go through here, so breaking that up into two parts would be absolutely ridiculous.

So in the end, you're getting a bunch of stuff in a row. Essentially, each mini-segment that I do here is worth watching a tad less than the one before it, so even if the whole thing is a bit long to stick around for, you may want to watch the first few parts.

For about the first ten minutes, I just talk about my builds, which is enough time to fill a short segment on its own.

After that, I acquire Zoneseek, view the cutscene where I chat with the mayor of Narshe, and trigger the Lone Wolf event in the treasure house in Narshe, none of which take a substantial amount of time.

The next twenty minutes is my ascent to grab Mog, which is incredibly tedious. The mountain is not laid out in a forgiving pattern, but the tendency of the mountain to alternate areas with encounters with areas that don't have encounters does a pretty decent job of informing me if I'm on the right track. This is probably the hardest part merely by virtue of pure length. If I mess up anywhere else in this segment, I lose maybe 3-5 minutes of progress at most, but here I can lose up to twenty. This part on its own is the length of an average segment.

Finally, I run around the world to collect Mog's Dances. While this was all done in one go (through a miracle of some variety), the stakes were low if I did make a mistake, as I can save nearly anywhere. As you may notice, I don't save scum after every movement, as I'd prefer to know exactly where I am when I save, for the most part. But I still save after every large step of the journey, so I certainly wouldn't lose up to 42 minutes to a mistake here. I hold A during encounters to make it easy for myself, even if it doubtlessly isn't the most efficient strat. The major advantage to this (besides not having to plan this out as much) is that I am entirely focused on navigation, and unlikely to forget where I am. There's nothing really non-standard about this part except the lack of practice; I actually managed to execute a 42 minute segment after about that much time in practice, where I would normally need about twice as much practice as that to stand a chance. But I really had everything going for me in this mini-segment, so maybe it shouldn't be that surprising. This part, even by itself, is on par with the longest segments as of this point.

The bloopers were effectively edited to be as short as possible, except that I forgot to double the speed for half of them, so it is really just half the content in the same amount of time.

And guess what, this segment, even including the blooper reel, is still shorter than the Atma Weapon segment without including the blooper reel. And that segment was all done in one go...