This segment took a ton of preparation, and the only segment more difficult than this one so far has been the one against Atma Weapon. I managed to get it first shot here, but don't be fooled, as I was not only fairly surprised by that, but I am still not sure why this run even worked (more on that in the annotations). Oh well, if it works for no reason in my favour then I'm fine with that! I declare my impending failure a couple times during this segment, even.

The first part (getting to the timed segment) is pretty standard, although annoying. Having to do this part after every reset would have been a pain. There's a lot of counting steps, and it's possible for an NPC to mess me up. But still, it's just walking.

The next part is the first part that required a lot of preparation. I have only four minutes to talk to twelve soldiers, and every one that battles me must be included, as they give more "invisible Gestahl points". I'd need to talk to 22 for the Black Belt, and that just isn't happening, but the Life Bell as attainable. I end up getting 13 here, and my record during testing was 15. 16 (maybe up to 18) is definitely attainable, but 22 is far out of my reach. I had to do a bunch of setup beforehand this part to avoid floundering about later, none of which looks like it has enormous benefits, but it ended up saving my butt anyways. Moving quickly while counting steps is difficult, and I have to cut a lot of corners in terms of safety to save time. The part before getting out of the Imperial Palace's front door for the first time and the crowded barracks area are the two hardest parts for sure, but I can't make any stupid mistakes elsewhere either.

After the timed portion comes the banquet itself, which is an entirely different type of challenge. This is just raw memorization, but there's a lot to remember. I can either go for remembering the contents of the text boxes or just raw numbers, and I chose the former because I figured that I'd be less likely to make a mistake. I do end up making that mistake here that I swear should have been a run-ender but wasn't. I must have miscalculated.

Finally, I have to exit. There are too many doors in the Imperial Palace to get permanently lost there, which is great. So grabbing the chests won't be a problem. However, once I exit I need to have backup plans in case something goes wrong. It's the same deal as entering the place, except that if I was trolled there it would be no problem, whereas if I was trolled here it would be horrible at this point. Thankfully, it turns out that simply alternating between Down+Left and Down+Right would get me out eventually from almost anywhere in this area. That would be tedious though, and prone to failure if I made a mistake, so I also crafted a route that should get me out in most situations without having to resort to that crud. I really didn't want a failure here, so I weighed a lot of options for this one.