My strats in this segment are a little strange, in that for the most part I am not relying on any one thing in particular going right. I am essentially shooting a Gatling gun in the air and saying "hopefully something hits". The fights with the air force are up first. I don't know what Setzer's Slots will do, but if it is a heal I should hopefully be in good condition to continue fighting. If it is an attack, the enemies are half dead anyways, so hopefully I can finish them off quickly. If Relm Sketches Fireball the enemies get Seizured, and if she Sketches Missile one of them is close to dead. I have Celes try to finish one with Bolt 2 off ASAP so that she can tank the rest of the fight. If she's getting attacked herself, and therefore not in a position to tank, she is therefore perhaps destroying things with the Black Belt, and Setzer/Relm are probably in the clear for long enough to finish the fight. I don't need everything to come through for me, really, as long as something does. Even if Relm is Sketching Fireball over and over uselessly (or just dies), Setzer is spamming Trifecta, or Celes gets murdered by Missiles, hopefully the others are doing their job correctly. If the air force targets one person to die, they have generally ignored the other two anyways, so hopefully they are in good condition. I just set it up so that the majority of combinations of outcomes succeed, and left it there.

Ultros by his lonesome is worthless, so I have a great deal of time to buff myself. With Regen, Safe, Haste and Shell on everybody, Setzer spamming his Slots and Relm using her paintbrush, I am pretty darn well set up to avoid dying here. Celes can carry the worth of the whole team as far as damage goes with her Berserked Power Glove strats, and Setzer's contributions aren't meaningless either. So both defense and offense are covered and then some. Again, if Setzer's Slots start attacking a lot, or I target the wrong people with the paintbrush, or their attacks are too strong for Regen to deal with them, it doesn't matter! As long as something comes through for me, and I have enough lenience here that one of these should. I get the feeling that Setzer would approve of these strats. Except... that's not how this battle went at all. Due to... shenanigans... I got stuck in a position where I could have died within actual reason, and the luck I needed in this fight was more than it should have been. But I got it, and that's all that matters at the end of the day.

The IAF was in some ways the opposite of the last fight, as the "shenanigans" I mentioned earlier actually went in my favour. Despite things taking a bad turn right out of the gate, I was saved by my prior mistakes. Also, for all you Sketch haters out there... Relm is a beast here!