This is the segment I feel like people have been waiting for since I started this run. And guess what? Not only is it hard, but it's proportionately harder in this run than a regular run. Many attacks in this fight can be subverted and prevented fairly easily in a normal playthrough IMO, as long as I know what to do. Also, he is geared towards powerful attacks that can often KO somebody outright. Not a big deal in a normal playthrough; if you have two people on standby, healing from something like that is no issue, and it can't pose any immediate danger by itself if you're on the ball.

This lent itself well to the LLG, where he has a general lack of MT attacks that can finish off the party easily, making him proportionately easier in an LLG than a normal playthrough. But here, attacks that can wipe a character are exactly what I don't want to see. Healing is easy, but reviving is extremely difficult, because I can't target a revive to hit the whole party. And while I can normally stay on top of keeping Float up fairly easily, it's hard to remember how my Float is doing with all the other things to keep track of. Healing from status effects is the same issue as reviving. When you have to heal a status effect from one character, you spend one turn using a Remedy. When you don't know what's going on, or who, if anybody, is inflicted with statuses, what can you do? Hope for the best? Chuck Remedies everywhere? All the options suck here. Even with solid status protecting Relics in place, there are still plenty of ways that Mind Blast (a move which I normally sneeze at) can mess with me, and there's no solid way around it. Even if I don't make a single mistake, which is nearly impossible (although relatively speaking I do pretty well IMO), I still have a huge lack of information here.

Oh yeah, and the battle takes a freaking hour. Literally.

The first phase is pretty easy by the point of this recording. Slow him, keep Regen on Celes/Setzer, and start attacking. For the most part, this doesn't get very crazy. Although there are a bunch of things he can do that will slow me down, such as Flare, he is more likely to give me a ridiculous number of free turns instead. He has both Magnitude and Quake, for one, which will fail dramatically. I can recover from Purge and his Gravity attacks fairly easily on their own- but the catch is that they sound the exact same, so if he trolls me with the timing like he does in the video, it's hard to tell which is which. This is the only time that I had trouble with this though, IIRC. If he just hits me... meh? He gives me so much time here to do what I want that there really aren't any problems here, once I got the hang of it.

The second phase is the only meaningful part of the fight, for the most part. Throughout his first phase, I need to constantly pay attention to when he should be attacking. I have a much better chance of dealing with the period after Flare Star if Celes is prepared to Slow him immediately after he uses it, and the other two also have turns ready. The run practically hinges on turning his Haste into Slow, so this needs to be done immediately. One of the other two can revive Relm, and the other can heal the party. Best case scenario is that the status quo hasn't changed. Atma Weapon is still on Slow, and the party is all on their feet at full HP. But there are plenty of things that can go wrong. Slow can miss. Atma Weapon can target Celes to use her level with Flare Star's formula, in which case Shadow will die. He may counter Slow with Full Power, and in my experience counterattacks to Slow have loopy targeting, so Shadow/Setzer may not be safe to revive Relm. None of these scenarios are explicitly run-enders, but multiple of these things happening, or a strong follow-up by the boss could be dangerous.

Once I'm fully recovered, things get slightly less dangerous. Mind Blast is as bad as I mentioned earlier. The good news is that it's on a timer, so it's predictable. Note that I explicitly call it in the video several times before it comes up. Normally I'm hesitant to actually incorporate something like "Predict the Mind Blast" into a strat, but here I need all the help I can get. One important thing to note is that Shadow does not have protection from Mute and Imp. Think Confuse is bad? These can be worse, if I'm not ready. These grey out my commands, messing up my ability to check which character I am using. Confuse may get somebody killed, or waste turns, but if I move everybody's cursors everywhere and get confused as to who is who, you can essentially guarantee a TPK. To help prevent this, I gave Celes a White Cape (this is also useful for other reasons, no idea what I was thinking giving her a Wall Ring initially). Setzer is meant to be my rock against Mind Blast, so he has the Ribbon already. Relm's turn shouldn't be ready when Mind Blast occurs (because reasons), so things should be sorted before I need to figure her out. Which means that as long as I keep good track of Shadow, I'm in the clear. Usually I attempt to select his move before the animation finishes, but even if I can't I'm aware of what can happen and I can work out who he is from there.

So that's one more attack out of the way. I suppose I shouldn't write a paragraph about every attack he has, so I'll try to be more brief from here. :P His other attacks are more likely to be straight damage. Magnitude is still gone, but Quake is still preventable. The issue is that it's harder to keep people on Float when they are dying, so Quake threatens a freshly revived character a lot. But in the right circumstances, it can be a free turn. Graviga, Gravity Bomb, and Glare are not dangerous, and generally give me a decent chance to breathe. Flare, Lifeshaver and Raze are dangerous nukes to a party member. Casting Cure 2 on the party is a great follow-up to this. If Setzer or Celes are hit, they can often take it, and the Cure 2 will heal them close to full. If they have Regen, that's probably it, but if they don't, they are still in danger if hit again. If Shadow or Relm is dead, I will know at this point, because I'll only hear three Cure 2 animations. I can either take a guess of which is which (risky, but sometimes it's worth it), or work it out by process of elimination, which costs some time, but is sometimes the best course of action. Shadow can re-apply Float, alleviating Celes of that burden to give her more turns. Some people may suggest leaving Shadow for a dirt nap, but I think it works like garbage here.

Meteo is perhaps the most dangerous thing that he can do. If it hits enough people it can devastate the party. I don't need any special tactics to deal with it though. If he uses it, I need to heal from it using the same strategies that I use to deal with everything else. It's just likely to put me in a bad spot.

So basically, it took me five attempts to beat this boss (after a ton of preparation, of course). This video is the sixth attempt though. I am ignoring any attempts that didn't make it to Atma Weapon, as I barely prepared for the battles beforehand.

Attempt 1: Still getting used to things. I hadn't done anything legitimately blindfolded in a while (I am not actually blindfolded in my test runs). I lost track of the fight got curb-stomped in his first phase. But I gained the experience I needed on getting through his first phase for the next time.

Attempt 2: I manage to get the hang of his first phase here, and squeak through. Recovery from Flare Star goes okay, IIRC. Then Mind Blast hits Celes and Shadow with some combination of Mute and Imp. He just rips me apart from there. I figured out what to do with the status effects and went from there.

Attempt 3: Slow missed both on my first cast and on my "safety" cast. I eventually feel like it missed, but I dismissed it as paranoia and ended up failing to keep up. Ironically, having to deal with an amped-up version of his first phase may have made beating it more comfortable in the future attempts.

Attempt 4: I make it to the second phase again. This time I am holding my own. I didn't make any headway for the longest time, I really just was surviving. I spent about 20 minutes in a res-loop here, and at one point I actually managed to recover from just having just a 60 HP Setzer left. I got within 500 HP of killing him, and my entire party had ~400 HP with no status effects... and he hit everybody with Meteo. TPK. Well, isn't that just a Shaggy Dog Story? Just by being able to hold on for that 20 minute res-loop just gave me much needed practice on this phase more than anything, and I was feeling pretty confident that I'd beat him on my next run.

Attempt 5: And I was right! Atma Weapon goes absolutely great, taking only 45 minutes on this attempt. But then I died on the way back to the Save Point. Basically, it was just a bad combination of choking and absolutely absurd bad luck.

Attempt 6: Since I died on the way back to the Save Point, I decided to remove that pesky "back to the Save Point" part. And here we sit.

Basically, in a fight this long there is no chance of fluking through. I have to actually be aware of what is happening, and if I'm not I need to figure out a way to get aware. There's not much luck involved either; every death here probably had some contribution by luck as far as that goes, but in every case I also left the door of opportunity open for that bad luck to occur. No attempt was going anywhere until I learned how to deal with status effects, I shouldn't have dismissed my gut as paranoia in attempt 3, the only reason why I was Meteo'd in Attempt 4 was because I hadn't learned the battle and I was taking far too long to kill him, and I shouldn't even have been fighting the battle in Attempt 5 that killed me to begin with. And that's all there is to say about that.