Time for the Red Dragon. There's no way in Hades that I'm walking back through this cave to fight this guy, so this ends now. Fortunately this dragon is pretty lame, so it's not a big deal. Unfortunately I didn't keep a state with the equipment for this fight, but much of it can be worked out from hindsight. Relic slots were tight for this one.

Celes' Berserked damage is adequate enough to carry me on its own, so the other two can focus on survival. With the Flame Shield she's protected from all his Fire attacks, but Flare can drop her and she's not a huge fan of his physicals (fortunately he'll never hit her with Red Claw). 4K in the front and 2K in the back with Celes as my sole offense isn't breaking any speed records, but as far as attacking with only one character that I never input commands for this is solid enough. That's about the entirety of Celes' role in this fight. For the most part I can ignore her existence.

Edgar is on revival and utility duty. He's very unlikely to die, for the most part. Both Edgar and Sabin have the Reflect Ring (it prevents many of his dangerous attacks) and the Life Bell. Auto-Regen is incredibly important, especially with Fireball/Firestorm around. I also can't apply Regen otherwise except with Celes, who doesn't want to be doing that. Unlike Sabin though, Edgar is tanky as all get out. With high magical defenses, decent enough physical defenses for the rare physical hit from the dragon, and Reflect, Edgar pretty much laughs off the entirety of the Dragon's offensive arsenal. Add in the Defibrillator for slightly better revival, and Edgar almost makes this fight unlosable. This is a large part of the reason why I can consider Celes swinging an Icebrand adequate offense; I can turtle here with little consequence. The only real threat to Edgar is 1K Needles, and this is why it is very important to have the Fire Lance equipped, as it gives him just enough HP to survive. This is very useful, as if Sabin is the only controllable character alive I am very vulnerable. However, if Edgar survives even barely, a Mantra and a Regen tick will get him back on his feet with essentially no consequences. This leaves the only real danger of the battle to be S. Cross killing Sabin followed quickly by 1K Needles on Edgar, but this might not even be possible.

Sabin is there to heal through Reflect and hopefully survive with beefy Regen ticks. Honestly he's not even super good here because he can be killed in one go by S. Cross or 1K Needles, which I'm not a fan of (he really wanted some Terrato levels before this). I also don't like that he can't heal himself, which is another big problem I have with a character who heals relative to his own HP pool, and also is very likely to actually need the healing. At least I can mitigate the danger of S. Cross by Defending when Sabin has a free turn, but you can still tell I'm not Sabin's biggest fan.

Another piece of good news about this fight overall is that I only have to control two characters, which helps a lot. A bad piece of news about this fight is that Fireball inflicts Seizure on Celes. Also, while Firestorm doesn't inflict Seizure, it might as well since I can't tell the difference. Thankfully I can remove this with Revivifies from Edgar, who has nothing else to do with his turn anyways if the dragon just hit me with Fireball. I can tell if the Dragon hits himself with Fireball to remove his Poison due to stereo audio, so that's my cue to use the Bio Blaster again.

The rest of the dungeon is essentially the last segment with more stupid.