I probably have a state with the equipment for this one, but if I'm willing to accept not showing the equipment and not removing the stupid end-card I can get away with not letting this video encode for several hours. Besides, my equipment for this video can be adequately summed up as "I really don't give a crud".

The strategy for this dungeon is pretty much "Setzer does everything while the other guys flail around for a bit". As far as the randoms go, I have trouble remembering the details of two of them because they didn't show up in the video. But IIRC , summoning Shoat with Setzer takes down two instantly. Since he's tanky enough that he's unlikely to die before summoning Shoat, that's two encounters that I can pretty much ignore.

The other encounters have two Atlaspheres (makes me think of Dark Cloud, but I doubt it's a reference) apiece. These guys are relatively tanky and not vulnerable to Zombie. Therefore I have to beat them down with Locke (equipped with a Flamesabre to hit their weakness), and Cyan/Gau (who honestly don't contribute greatly). The Zombified enemies can be a help or a burden here, so it's not a sure thing that I'll make it through. Thankfully there's really only 3-5 random encounters in this dungeon so my strat doesn't need to be the "cover everything that can go wrong" type.

The other battles are all fixed (or at least the possible differences are small) and therefore don't need to be identified, which helps a lot as you could probably guess. Dahlings and Nightshades aren't really likely to pierce Setzer's healing. Gau using undead Rages is healed by Poison, so that's an extra feather in my cap, although he's not the king of damage. Between the Fire moves from Locke/Gau as well as whatever Cyan is able to manage, Nightshades go down fairly quickly, reducing enemy damage to negligible levels. And an attack from Setzer will wreck their faces, so if he's not healing I'm still okay.

The miniboss kinda sucks. With Mindblow it is essentially reduced to its special attack. So nothing to worry about there.