Hoo boy... This was probably my least favourite segment in this challenge...

At the risk of just repeating whatever I said for the BFLLG, I'll say that there's no good way to get past the green guys on Gogo's bridge. There aren't any clever tricks that I can use to get past these guys reliably; I'm just bashing my head against the brick wall until it comes down. However, unlike the BFLLG where I could restart incredibly quickly, it takes quite a while to get back on my feet for another attempt here. It takes anywhere between 10 and 20 minutes to take another attempt here. In other words, this segment is pretty boring both to play and to watch (and I included an annotation to skip most of the segment if you have those turned on).

The types of enemies here make this even worse. First off, the encounter rate is jacked through the roof, so I get an encounter every couple of steps. I have to play each fight slow and steady (which is the last thing I want to do here) because the enemies here reward me for not attacking them willy-nilly. I don't want to hit O-Bakes much because their Lifeshaver attacks do no damage as long as I don't hit them. So I want to wait for Cyan to kill them with Mindblow. There's no point in attacking Orogs because they are too tanky, so Cyan will probably kill them with Mindblow before they die anyways. And I really don't want to hit Coverts, because that will let them Vanish themselves and start throwing stuff at my party, which is devastating. So I kill them with Doom without hitting them. And I have no good way to kill Wart Pucks at all. I can't throw my MP around either, since Osmosing is difficult in a dungeon full of undead, especially when I'm draining a lot of good MP with Mindblow. It's too bad that I never thought to use Blow Fish though. It would have been nice against the Wart Pucks if nothing else.

In other words, I have a lot of trouble putting most of my turns to good use, so battles proceed very slowly. Since I don't even know what I'm fighting at the start of the battle, I can barely even open fights with anything that doesn't shoot me in the foot. Therefore, I might as well have Relm cast RegenX at the start of the fight. The only offensive option I take right away is having Cyan use Mindblow. This kills two enemies here outright, and nerfs two into oblivion. I just don't want it to hit a Covert and trigger a counterattack. It's unlikely, so it's a calculated risk that I take.

Coverts, ironically, aren't very covert, so they'll announce their present with essentially anything they can do. However, I still don't know what position it is in (in order to hit it with Doom) right away. However, if there's a Covert, I can easily identify Tap Dancers, Orogs or O-Bakes to quickly narrow down which of the two fights it is. Any attack that connects on my party will tell me what battle it is at this point. Cast Doom to murder the Covert, and the only threatening thing in this dungeon is dead.

Because seriously, other than a Vanished Covert, there's little to threaten me in this dungeon. Tap Dancers only have confusion (I'm protected), and some mediocre spells, so they're worthless. O-Bakes only have lousy physical attacks until I hit them (at which point they use Lifeshaver), so they're worthless. Wart Pucks have lousy offense except for Quarter, which can't finish me off. Orogs are the only thing left, and they can't carry a fight on their own. The only thing that appears threatening might be a Wart Puck using Quarter and an Orog in the same fight finishing characters off. But Cyan's Mindblow will hit one of the two, removing either the Wart Puck's Quarter or the Orog's life.

In other words, the encounters don't threaten me at all, but they take forever, which is terrible in this dungeon.

Maybe I should add a footnote for the Zone Eater as well. As long as Strago is spamming Float when necessary, the Zone Eater will have a lot of wasted turns. I dedicate a controller slot entirely to Strago so that he can perform this function quickly. The Zone Eater's Inhale counterattacks hurt everybody pretty badly, but having to revive a character is unlikely to kill me in this scenario. He's not a pushover with this party, but nor is he a major challenge. The main issue with the Zone Eater is that he takes a while (like everything else), which means that I don't want to restart the segment too often.