The first mini-segment still has chump enemies, but the navigation is fairly unusual. The first room on the train has a couple puzzles. For the first chest, I thankfully don't have to race the timer. By pulling the switch twice, I can grab the chest fairly easily. The second chest should have been uneventful. But thanks to a minor bug that I didn't remember, I almost lost the run. Thankfully I ran vaguely in the correct direction until I got lucky clearly kept a level head and sorted things out. For the puzzle room after, I didn't really memorize the entire solution. I really just memorized a couple keys facts about the dimensions of the room and that was enough to work everything else out while playing. The second mini-segment is not worth mentioning.

I wasn't expecting to beat Wrexsoul on my first try, but things worked out apparently. Then again, I could probably make the exact same statement about a surprisingly large number of WoR bosses on this playthrough. The main danger isn't flat out dying, but having Wrexsoul show up and revive a Soul Fire after I've defeated one. With Reflect Rings on Terra/Gogo, I think none of the Soul Fires' attacks except for Meteo and Doomy Doom can connect. Relm is safe as well (since she nullifies Fire with the Czarina Gown) until one of the Soul Fires dies, which means that she can be hit by Flare/Lifeshaver. At least I think that's what they use at this point, I'm not entirely sure.

Basically I want the damage on the Soul Fires to be spread out as much as possible. Meteo probably won't kill me, but it often makes a mess of what I'm doing, and sometimes brings out Wrexsoul. If this happens after one of the Soul Fires dies, it will be revived and the run is effectively over (I might as well start over at this point). I want the Soul Fires to die at more or less the same time. Once the first Soul Fire is dead, how safe I am depends on who Wrexsoul is inhabiting. If he's inside Gogo, Meteo could connect and kill him outright. If he's inside Relm, she can survive Meteo at full HP, but Flare/Lifeshaver can kill her (I think I sacrificed her Reflect Ring for better Magic Evasion). The best case scenario is that he's inside Terra. She has Reflect and can survive Meteo, so the only way she can die is if she is hit by Doomy Doom and Meteo in quick succession. Wrexsoul was inhabiting Relm this time around, but it hardly mattered anyways since the Soul Fires died within a couple turns difference.