Equipment setup, since it's not really obvious: (Note from the future, the link I gave to that image is no longer active). I wanted everybody protected from Poison because it's painful to recover from Virite otherwise, and HP was something of a priority due to defense ignoring attacks being so threatening here.

As I mentioned in the last video, most of the route for the dungeon is the same. That being said, you'll see none of it since the first room I entered was the chest room.

It's funny comparing Hidon and Atma Weapon between this run and the BNW LLG. In the LLG, Atma Weapon's strong single target attacks weren't a big deal. After all, who cares if he overkills a character more than the other bosses, as long as he doesn't wipe my team? And his tendency towards Gravity/status/preventable attacks wasn't too bad to deal with, since they tended to give me a bunch of free turns. Compare that to Hidon, whose unpreventable party wipes led to a gimmicky strat involving effectively soloing the boss, having to deal with all the quirky and finicky timing of Jumping over his death turn.

Compare that to this run. Suddenly Atma Weapon's single target attacks become a great deal more threatening, since figuring out who to revive is extremely difficult. Unpredictable status effects also throw a huge wrench into the mix. Preventing attacks with Float becomes a lot harder. However, Hidon's predictable pattern that does decent damage to the whole party without killing anybody becomes a fairly straightforward matter of making sure to protect from the Hidonites' attacks and healing at the right time to deal with Quasar/Black Omen. So the medium difficulty fight and the 20+ hour terror have switched places between the two runs.

Starting up the fight isn't super easy, since nobody has Image to protect from the Hidonites. This means that they can inflict status effects on Terra and Strago (Relm and Gogo are protected) at any time, messing with my plans. Mega Claw is fairly powerful too, and it's dangerous if it connects just before Black Omen. This is why putting Image on Strago and Terra is first priority, even before setting Seizure on the Hidonites with Aero (which is also very important). My luck starts out fairly poor, with Strago and Terra losing their initial castings of Image fairly fast and getting inflicted with status effects. Thankfully I was on the ball and managed to recover quickly, but it meant that I took a long time to set up Seizure, which I was hoping to do by Strago's third turn. Thankfully, he only uses Quasar and not Black Omen during this stage of the fight, which takes some of the edge off. When he does start using Black Omen, my characters should be better prepared to deal with it, although I was still lucky that absolutely nothing went wrong during that stage of the fight.

Once I'm set up, I rely on Gogo's Witch Rage to keep up the Image and let Strago take turns doing other things unless I have 100% confirmation that a character has lost their Image, which doesn't happen often. Witch also has the benefit of having a decently powerful second attack to put on some extra damage here and there. The only downside is a weakness to Poison, which is unfortunate but not devastating. Relm's healing with RegenX is great for piercing my Reflect from Refract, but she still has free turns that I try to use efficiently. By using Sketch instead of Meteor, I can conserve MP and do some extra damage. And both Strago/Relm can use Osmose to replenish their MP when I get spare turns. Morphed Fire 3 does great damage against Hidon, and is pretty much all that Terra will do except to use Ethers to replenish her MP when she gets low. Ethers well spent, I'd say.

This team has a lot of synergy for this fight, I'd say. Multiple people can heal, multiple people can cast Image, and multiple people can attack, so turns are never wasted and people can flip to a new role when necessary. I usually prefer the "Make everybody really good at one job" approach, but honestly I'm making very few sacrifices for the flexibility here.

Perhaps the most ironic thing is that I found this fight the easiest out of my three playthroughs, even the one where I played through normally the first time around. I came here way too early, and Strago/Relm couldn't survive Black Omen!