The cave portion of this dungeon is the easiest dungeon left in this game. I can easily get through just by holding "A". An Autocrossbow from both Gogo and Edgar is perfect to take out every Urchin in the encounters. The two Autocrossbow hits with a Fire Scroll on top do great damage to the Zorathians and Pond Scum as well. Plus I have Gau throwing in a hit with Dragon every so often. Glare works great as well, so it's hardly a wasted turn. I just need to set my memory cursor to those attacks and I'm good to go.

Once I get to the Ancient Castle things step up a bit. Autocrossbow still works great against Boxxies and Mephistos. I elect for Shurikens over Fire Scrolls because they do comparable damage against these enemies (since they are tanky against Magic, and there's nothing with a Fire weakness anymore). In other words, my damage output is a bit slower here. The enemies here still can't do anything to me quickly for the most part, but I'm noticeably less prepared here. I was mostly just banking on getting very few battles during this second mini-segment, then going back and preparing properly next time.

KatanaSoul can be dangerous if I lose my momentum, since his Gil Toss does decent damage to the whole party. Edgar can't be hurt very easily, but if my damage output starts to crumble I could be stuck in a revival loop. Thankfully, damage output is something this party is just fine at. Fire Scrolls from Shadow do over 6000 damage a turn, and I get an extra 4000 from Gogo. Gau doesn't chip in as much because of his randomness, but he has Wind resistance (although it didn't help here). Edgar's 400 healing from Cure 2 doesn't seem like much, but honestly it performs all the healing functions I need in this fight. It's mostly just to make sure Gil Toss doesn't finish anybody off after dealing minor damage with other attacks, and prevent a Gil Toss + Wind Slash combo from wrecking me. I probably don't need revival, since after he uses Gil Toss, his physical counterattacks are probably just going to be walled by Edgar with his Knight's Cape.