This team's turn for random encounters:

In the outside areas, Great Behemoths, Vectaurs, and Brontaurs are weak to Ice, so I use that for maximum effect. Hitting so many weaknesses annihilates everything fairly quickly. IIRC, I would have thrown Ninjatos against the Vectagoyles to cut through their tough defenses, and been prepared to use RegenX in case of emergencies.

In the indoor "junk" areas, the random encounters are all filled with singular, powerful enemies. Depending on what I am fighting, I may want to use Fire 3/Fire Scrolls or Bolt 3/Water Scrolls. If the enemies do dangerous things, I can usually identify them. If they don't do anything dangerous, it probably doesn't matter. Sabin's Mantra is quite helpful here, as he isn't eating the counterattacks from these guys, so he's probably fine on HP. I could have definitely used Ninjatos here for better effect, but I was too paranoid about running out.

In the imperial palace areas, I have Gogo use Bio Blaster since it wrecks the Assassins and the Madams. It heals the Dark Force, but he's not very dangerous by himself, so this isn't a big deal to me. Terra hits everything with Bolt 3 and Shadow uses Bolt Scrolls to capitalize on the Lightning weakness of the Veteran. With my constant spam of magical attacks, the Assassins can't really put their invisibility to good use. The Madams and the Veterans are fairly tanky against magical attacks, but since they come in large groups it doesn't work out too poorly.

Remember that fight I had against Atma Weapon ages ago? This is nothing like that.

Unlike Atma Weapon, Atma struggles to OHKO people, so I don't need to worry about revival. Unlike against Atma Weapon, I have RegenX, and I can easily afford to spam it 24/7, so Seizure won't do anything. Unlike Atma Weapon, Atma's Flare Star doesn't kill anybody. Unlike Atma Weapon, I don't need to worry about Float, Slow or Dispel, because Quake, Haste, Safe and Shell barely affect me. Unlike against Atma Weapon, I have two Ribbons, and the two characters who have them can carry the fight on their own. And finally, unlike against Atma Weapon, I have plenty of great damage with little effort.

So instead of an hour long fight that needed tons of planning and solid execution, you get a seven minute fight that is more or less about holding A.