This is a blindfolded playthrough of Brave New World, a hack of FF6.  This is probably my favourite hack of the game because of its excellent design.  Characters (and even different builds of the same character) play much differently from one another, with each having unique toolsets.  Despite this, the character balance is the best out of any hack that I've played.  It's hard to overstate how impressive it is that both of these feats are accomplished in the same package.  It's a lot easier to balance characters when they mostly do the same thing with slight tweaks, but BNW somehow has the most balanced character roster despite its diversity.  Bosses have their own personality and throw wrenches into your general strategies to provide a reason to play contextually and innovate.  The difficulty curve is perfect too, with every single fight having exactly the difficulty that BTB and Synchisi want it to have.  On top of that, BNW either fixes or removes every mechanic in vanilla FF6, so there's no cruft in this game at all.  Finally, BNW is also quite accessible, taking a bit of time to ramp up and not requiring an expert to beat, as long as you're willing to think about your choices.

I wanted to do something outside the box, so I played the game blindfolded.  The blindfolded rule has some exceptions that are explained in the first episode description.  For transparency, there were a couple scenarios where I was allowed to view the game without the blindfold, but these were for saving time and not reducing challenge.  The pacing of these videos is a bit slow; it's likely that polished editing would have made this series more fun to watch, but I also didn't have time to devote to editing this series when I made it.

Excluding the blindfold, this run was played the same way that I usually do casual playthroughs.  I resolved to never grind levels or run from battles during the entire playthrough.  I also usually brought the lowest leveled characters to each dungeon in the WoR rather than picking a "main team" or selecting parties based on their fit for the dungeon or boss.  Though as usual, I made a concession for the Fanatics Tower since it's so heavily biased towards a specific type of party.  However, there was one extra twist in the WoR: the dungeon order was decided by popular vote on a certain forum thread.  Doing this blindfolded run side-by-side to the vanilla blindfolded LLG was pretty exhausting.  However, this run was more fulfilling than the vanilla LLG.  The ratio of strategy to memorization was higher, so I spent more time solving fights than I did memorizing terrain.  There were a lot of opportunities for skill expression and lateral thinking in this run.