I didn't use the Dream Catcher against the first phase because I felt like it would be lame to cheese the fight.  I suppose that this decision earned me some good karma because I ended up needing that thing a bit later.  This is a long, multi-stage battle.  At first, I took the game's description of having "ten bosses" at face value and assumed that this would only be a single, long fight.  Because of this, I spent a great deal of time buffing early on and didn't play very conservatively with the Mega Potions.

Most of the attacks that Phoenix uses are borrowed from the other bosses, which makes a great deal of sense.  Unfortunately, she mostly seemed to borrow their weaknesses rather than their strengths.  It could have made the finale grander (but still doable) if she borrowed multi-target Venom, Swallowed a character midway through a fight (just a little too early to be comfortable), or used Power-up on the first turn.  Instead, she gets the weak Life Steal, uses Power-up too late, and wastes turns Observing Battle or using Gaze attacks that never seem to hit (is that one a bug?).  Phoenix's natural attacks could be weakened a bit to compensate, and it would also be cool from a story perspective for its true power to come from the other bosses rather than itself.  Don't get me wrong, the final battle sequence is still epic, but it feels like a missed opportunity for even better gameplay-story integration.  Maybe there would have been no way to pull it off without making it too difficult though.

I also noticed that Haste apparently stacks, but I didn't realize it only allows for two stacks, so I ended up going ham with it.  Guard stacks are important here, as Phoenix is better at using Double Attack than Medusa was.  Without any Guards, it looks to be OHKOing Ellis and Rory, but a few Guard stacks brings its damage to zero.  I was even more convinced that the second fight was the last one for some reason, so I got even sloppier with the Mega Potions.  This made the first two fights easy, but made the later fights tighter.

In the third and fourth stages, the fight really begins, and I wizened up to the fact that this fight wouldn't end for at least one more round.  Therefore, I did a bit less setup for these fights.  Because Ice is super-effective and I finally decided that using Explosion wasn't a cardinal sin, all three characters have good damage here, making for a cool finale IMO.  It also makes it easier to push past the barriers that these forms set up.  Flame is the biggest danger here, as it deals hefty single-target damage that could knock a character out, losing a bunch of turns and resources in the process.  I got lucky with the targeting though, as it never hit Rory or anybody who had taken a hit.

The fifth and final phase is very different from the rest.  However, I realized that I had used a minimum of one or two Mega Potions on every phase before this, so I figured that this wasn't going to end well.  At this point, there was only one way I was going to avoid a Game Over here: using the Dream Catcher.  Given that the final boss has five phases, it seemed less like it was lame to use the thing and more like an extension of the resource-management I've been doing the entire game.  Turns out this was pretty much the perfect moment to save it for too, as I would have died without foreknowledge of this fight.

That said, I still went back and completed the fifth fight properly just for fun.  Turns out that I didn't even need to go back to an earlier save and manage my Mega-Potions better after all, as long as I understood the fight.  This boss' script is simple: she charges for three turns and uses Immolate to OHKO the party.  By Defending, everyone can barely tank the hit.  I entered the fight at full HP on my save, so I was prepped to survive the first one.  I started by Hasting Rory alone; this isn't a long fight, so I felt that I'd get diminishing returns for buffing the two weaker characters.  Immolate also does a lot of recoil damage, so it's better to play defensively to buy an extra round rather than push damage.  I didn't see a way to keep all three characters up on the second Immolate, so I sacrificed Claire to make one final push and take her out.

So that's the end!  Even though the fights aren't too difficult in a vacuum, the resource management aspect makes every decision count.  Thanks to FarAwayTimesGaming for creating the game and sharing it with me! :)