Figured I should say some words about the story as well.  I'd highly recommend that you watch the video before reading this bit though, if you haven't already.

Right from the get-go, it was clear that FarAwayTimesGaming has some writing experience.  I've played several other RPG Maker games before, and every time they've sounded like something I would write (that's not a compliment).  This game never gave me that impression.  I can't articulate what the difference is, but it's there.

I also liked the juxtaposition between the bland characters in your party and Alyssa and her friends.  Alyssa feels like a person, while your party feels like a set of detached RPG "heroes".  They say things that inform the player, give exposition, and cheer after "saving Alyssa" like they had just finished rescuing the princess from Garland.  Each of them is given just enough personality that they don't feel out of place, per se, but you can't help but feel that the person you're erasing has lived more than the three characters in your party combined.  The dream divers don't seem to emotionally understand what they're even doing, leaving the player to take the gut punches alone.  Near the end, Rory almost seems to wake up a little, but the ease with which he's talked back into conformity is chilling.  In the end, all of Alyssa's fighting and emotions left all the impact of an uncomfortable day in the office.  You're left wondering who was truly brainwashed there.

In contrast, the flashbacks between floors are humanizing.  The first two are cute and melancholic, and show what Alyssa is fighting for.  I especially liked the moment where Alyssa pretends to be surprised at the birthday party just for the fun of it, only to be truly surprised by something that's mundane by the player's standards.  The third flashback erases any doubt the player might have about whether the dream divers are doing anything positive and makes the ending where Alyssa is brainwashed herself feel that much more frustrating.  She knows it is coming, yet she is powerless to stop it no matter how much conviction she has.  The final flashback occurs after Alyssa has already been wiped away.  It confused me until the dream divers explained that she hasn't actually lost her memory.  At that point I realized that although she's still able to remember that scene, it means less to her now than it does to me.

It's clear that there was also a lot of effort put into adding little details.  The rain representing Alyssa's sadness, which only clears up when Alyssa has been fully brainwashed and no longer feels it.  The floors getting more surreal and maze-like each time you go down a level, with the grassy areas being normal locations and Alyssa's garden being the only coherent thing in the place.  The final boss being a Phoenix when each part of Alyssa keeps bringing the others back to life.  The floors representing each of the major flashbacks.  It's clear that a lot of thought went into every part of the game.

The final boss sequence makes everything the player is doing feel... wrong.  The tenth facet is convinced it will win, and that conviction is clearly inner confidence rather than cocky bluster.  The heroic music kicks in, the power of friendship makes its appearance, and none of it is for you.  This is the moment where the hero is supposed to win, but she's not going to because you're here to ruin this moment.  After you continue to win, Alyssa makes the statement that you're just doing this because you're "supposed to", which somehow feels like it's directed more at the player than it is at the dream divers.  Similarly, Lacy's dialogue means nothing to the dream divers, but it's a great hint to the player that if you're going to change things, now is the time to strike.  From this point, winning the fight somehow feels both like the right course of action and the wrong one.

In hindsight, I wish I had thought of throwing the fight the first time around.  I like it when games reward the player for throwing RPG conventions out the window and making a decision that just makes sense.  Unfortunately, it was getting late, and I didn't come up with the idea to try it until I went to bed.  I resolved to go back and record a "true ending" where I threw the fight at that point, even if the game never actually acknowledged what I did.  I was happy to see that the game did provide the perfect acknowledgement in the form of what I'll call the "Good" ending.  It's the only moment in the game where Alyssa is allowed to have any true agency, and she darn well takes it. :)

There isn't much extra content in this game, so I decided to try Game Overing to the other facets too (this is the sort of reason why I always keep a million backup saves).  The standard Game Overs occur when you get defeated by any facet up to the first form of Phoenix, and it buys you a unique quote from the facet that you lost to.  Losing to Sylph was surprisingly tricky; I'm not even sure if it can damage Rory, and you can't attack yourself, so I used Carbunkle to pre-kill him and left only Ellis on the field (who I knew could be damaged).  It's left ambiguous what happens after the dream divers get kicked out of Alyssa's mind, but early on, the dream divers state that the compliance glyph will wear off if they spend too much time in the dream.  My assumption is that in this version of events, the compliance glyph never has a chance to wear off and Alyssa is simply executed.

There's one other ending if you lose to the final form of Phoenix after Alyssa's hate facet has been revived.  This one's the most abstract and doesn't cut back to the real world like the others.  The most straightforward explanation is that Alyssa somehow nuked her own psyche just to one-up the dream divers and cause them some pain no matter what it cost her.  However, my interpretation is that, without the hate facet getting detoxed, Alyssa gets completely consumed by her hatred, to the point of destroying herself as surely as the dream divers would have.  To me, it's plausible that she escaped just as she did during the Good ending, but without that detox, she's completely unable to handle learning of Lacy's death and whatever else the Guardianship did to her friends.  In that sense, perhaps the dream divers did achieve their stated goal in the Good ending, even if they wouldn't see it that way.

I'm not going to comment on the art or the music.  I don't know how to critique these very well and I don't know what's custom-made for this game either.  The music choices were also great and enhanced the experience though.

And now, I'll shut up. lol Strahl already made fun of me for "taking the full description plus 100 comments and a 400 page book", and that might not even be an exaggeration this time around. XD