This is probably my favourite boss in the game from a gameplay perspective, and a step up from the ones I've fought so far.  The bat opens up the fight with Triple Guard, basically saying that physical attacks are a waste of time here.  For some reason I didn't listen and tried using the same Power-up strat anyways, which was a mistake.  After that, he starts using Venom to poison the entire party at regular intervals.  Poison drains HP fast, so you can't ignore it.  However, with Claire's usual role being useless, she may as well pivot to healing poison as her full-time job.  When she gets a free turn, Bolt is more useful than attacking.  This is the only fight where I used Bolt, but maybe I should have experimented with it in other fights; I'm sure something was weak to it.  The bat's other turns are spent draining either HP or MP.

With the other two characters, I launched as many offensive spells as possible.  Guard isn't very useful here because damaging attacks aren't the main threat, and my Venom missed.  I assumed the boss was immune since it was using Venom itself, so I didn't bother trying again.  Potions heal Poison as well, so it's a good idea to wait to use them until just after Venom.  On the first attempt, I did a poor job tracking my HP and randomly decided to skip curing poison sometimes, so it wasn't too great.

This is the only fight where I reset after winning the first time.  I consumed more Potions than I wanted to and my gut said it would be risky to continue after that.  I'm glad that I reset here, as the rest of the game ended up being fairly tight even with the improvements.  Even on the revised run, there are some things I could have done better.  First off, I beefed it by using Remedy on Rory even though I needed to use a Potion on him anyways.  Also, I should have tried Explosion here, as it would have easily dealt enough damage to be worth using here.  Explosion costs more MP, but would have dealt more damage than three Fire spells anyways, so it would more than even out.

Finally, I think there's a strategy that's better overall here.  Poison doesn't kill you and the bat rarely deals direct damage, so I think that it would have been better to only keep Claire healthy.  If one of the others go down, then I could have revived them with Claire's Revive, which costs fewer turns and MP than curing poison and healing.  They'd also be revived with enough HP to avoid dying to another attack.  Even without this strategy, I felt happy with how the second attempt went.

I finished exploring the main section of floor two before I fought the next boss.