At the start of this fight, the boss puts up a barrier.  The idea here is that if you deal chip damage to the barrier, Carbuncle will simply heal it right off.  Only a concentrated assault will break through.  Unknowingly, I sorta use the right strat for the initial part of the fight.  Dealing a bit of chip damage at a time will never break through the barrier, but it will cause the boss to waste its turn restoring the barrier.  Therefore, dealing a bit of chip with two of the characters and buffing with the third allows you to set up buffs without using too many resources.  It's not foolproof since Carbuncle seems to evade a lot, but it's still effective.  Once it got an attack in and I needed to heal, I lost the cycle that was preventing it from attacking, but I had already gotten in three Power-ups before that.

My idea here was to set up a bunch of Power-ups and then finish it off with the help of Claire's strong hits, but my execution was lacking here.  First off, I wasn't patient enough to wait for everybody to get full ATBs at the same time.  On top of that, I really should have tried Explosion here; IDK why I was so adamant about not using it.  The end result is that I did exactly what I shouldn't do: invest a bunch of effort into just barely not taking down the barrier multiple times.  Eventually I got some high rolls without any misses and took it down anyways.

I also tried using Venom here, which failed because of the barrier.  Unlike the last two bosses, I was skeptical that this one would be immune to poison, so I tried several more times in case it was just an unlucky miss.  Venom will stick if you apply it after removing the barrier though.

The rest of the fight was pretty straightforward, except for The End of Us, which takes everybody down to 1 HP.  I didn't want to use the Mega-Potion here because my MP was high at that moment, so I figured that using Ellis' big single-target Heal on Claire was the best response (as well as using Rory's Mass Heal, of course).  Claire is the only one who needs both to reach full HP.  I got lucky with it targeting Claire on the next turn, as Rory would have died there.  Thankfully, Carbuncle probably only uses this move once.

With floor two "fully" explored, it's time to head to floor three.  Turns out that this was a big mistake.  I didn't realize that there were multiple door mazes on floor two.  For some reason, I thought there was just one big door maze that connected all the doors in the main room.  Because of this, I ended up missing a bunch of items that would have made the endgame much easier.  I don't entirely regret this, as it ramped up the tension in the endgame.

The first two floors were maze-like, but the third one is literally a maze.  It's hard to navigate, and some people might find it frustrating.  However, I feel like it's appropriate from a story perspective, and without random encounters, it's surprisingly relaxing to traverse if you're not in too much of a hurry.  At this point in the game, my resources were really starting to run low, and I was starting to worry that I hadn't conserved enough.  However, I trusted my gut that I had what I needed to get through the next stage of the game.  Eventually, I found a boss, which I was obviously going to fight right away.  And hope it didn't require me to use every item I had...