This is the only boss during this playthrough that I Game Overed to.  When I saw it Observing Battle at the start, I thought this may be another gimmick boss like the last one.  I thought it may not act unless I started hitting it, so instead I just applied Venom status and sat there.  This guess turned out to be completely wrong.  Most of my boss names so far have just been based on visual appearance, but this one actually does act exactly like FFIV's Bahamut.  It sits there for a while before eventually using Explosion to hit the entire party.  On the first attempt, I felt that I had wasted too many turns by the time it started counting down, so I just waited for it to finish Claire off at that point.

On the second attempt, I just set up my buffs and attacked like I was supposed to.  I still didn't have the damage output needed to avoid taking one Explosion, so I put up a Guard, which should protect against Explosion since it's a non-elemental attack.  I also defended on the turn it went off.  I wasn't confident if either or both of those measures were important, but there was no reason to take chances.  Luckily, Rory got low-rolled, so he tanked the hit and kept his Haste.  I depleted my MP before Explosion went off so that I could use a Mega-Potion to recover quickly while maximizing the benefit.  Regular attacks were fairly effective on Bahamut until now, so I elected to continue using those and save on MP.  Turns out that I had loads of turns before the next Explosion came in, and I'm sure that pushing damage harder with Bombs and Explosion is a viable strat to avoid Explosion.

I got lost in the maze for ages after this fight, which I've sped up for your convenience.  Eventually, I found my way to the second chest, containing the only item that hasn't been seen until this point.  The Dream Catcher instantly kills a boss.  Originally I felt that it would be cheap and boring to skip an entire boss, but I ended up changing my mind on this mechanic later.  Anyways, it's on to floor four, and the final regular boss.