First of all, skip to 6:00.  For some reason I left a couple fails in this video, which I'm not doing from now on.

This is the first segment where I had any real trouble.  Still not much, but something.  Since I actually had a couple deaths here, let's lay some ground rules.  First of all, the rule that I'm setting for myself is getting hit = immediate reset.  This is because some things you did will stay done if you just kill yourself and continue, even if you hit the "Don't Save and Continue" option.  This would be a rather lousy playthrough if you had to sit through half an hour of fails to get the whole picture of a segment.

Alright, first of all I want to mention that limited visibility areas are by far my least favorite cliche in gaming.  It's really irritating to have to stare at just a small area of the screen for extended periods of time.  My reaction time is also generally one of my weak points, so that adds another layer of annoyance to these areas.  Fortunately, this is still third segment, so it's not too horrible.  There's also plenty of torches, and usually a clear path to get to one before you start fighting.

The rats and snakes die easily, but they're fast, so getting hit is possible if you're not on guard.  They can't go in the water, so the flooded rooms are a free pass.  It helps that I know where most of them are already.  I will remember less and less of the game as I go on.  I know the first visit to Hyrule inside and out, even in the dark.  I know the layout of the first three dungeons, and how to get through them.  I'll be able to mostly remember 1-4 of the Dark World as I go through them.  The parts after that...I haven't played through in forever.  I seriously don't remember Ganon's Tower in any real capacity.

Anyways, after the water rooms, there's a small chance where a rat might run into me between the spin slash and lighting the torch.  I do it this way because there's no chance of getting hit from the rat on the left when I walk to the torch, if I hold my sword out.

The only place that cost me several attempts is the first brown room.  The problem here is when all the rats run towards the doorway, which makes a hit virtually unavoidable.  The best strategy I found is to immediately run down-right first, which usually puts me in a position to kill the rats easily.  Sometimes they can still gangbeat me, though.

Inexplicably, I felt more safe for about 30 seconds after I got that heart container.  Then I realized the obvious...