Some Capeless, Caneless, Swordless fun in dungeon 3!  Oh, and medallions don't work without the sword either.

On the overworld, I have to be careful where I dash, since I no longer have a pointy object sticking out in front of me.  The Ice Rod doesn't affect the Red Soldier, but thankfully he is in an easy place to Hammer down.

When I open the menu at 1:25, skip to 1:52.  My roommate asked me a question that I needed to answer.

Now that I have a better power glove, I can take a faster route to the warp between worlds.  The jumpy thing to the entrance of the woods doesn't look threatening, but he's in a bad spot, so I have to move quickly to avoid being hit.

When I enter the dungeon, I try to maneuver the blue crab so that it kills itself on the blue bouncy thing, but it didn't work this time.  The Hammer is my best bet for killing them if there's no hole nearby.

I open up the Pink Skeleton's compartment first, since it allows me to guide the Gibdo up to the top of his chamber.  Otherwise, he could hit me while I'm lifting the pot.

The Boomerang stuns the Gibdos, which allows me to finish them off easily with the Hammer.  The Wallmaster is annoying, but I normally just have to keep an ear out for the noise he makes when he drops from the ceiling.  Sometimes the noise won't play though, so I have to be on my guard.

The room after the one where I drag the statue is a luck based mission.  If the Gibdo spawns in front of the door, or moves there before I have a chance to get out, it's impossible to get through.  The normal response would be to swing the sword while in the doorway, but I don't have that.  Items don't work in the doorway.  The Gibdo won't move out from its position either, since they home in on you.  Exiting and entering won't even work, because the position of the enemies is still saved if you're just one room away.  I have to make a judgement call about whether to rush out or not while the screen transitions.  If I can't get out, the only recourse is to use the mirror/Wallmaster and redo the statue room (including killing the enemies there).  Thankfully that didn't happen here.

One run got killed because a soldier spawned when I went to lift the bush and enter the secret hole.  That run did require me to do the statue room four times though (which is pretty unlucky), so I'm not too broken up about it.

I almost lost this when I messed up throwing the pot at the Helmasaur.  Quick thinking saved the day here though.

I like walking around this hole.  After I throw the switch, I use the left side of the room to move Link closer to the centre of the screen, in order to make the screen scroll properly.  Otherwise, it's hard to see what is coming up next.