One segment after one of the hardest boss fights to avoid damage in, and we get another boss fight that's hard to avoid damage in!

The fact that I have to go back and get the Fake Maiden is a pain, because otherwise restarts would have been quite fast (even faster if I wasn't being dumb and started using the Flute).  Thankfully getting back through here isn't too bad in terms of difficulty, and I didn't get lost this time. O_o I enjoy Ethering the enemies in that room with the conveyor belt and watching them all fall down that hole in the middle.

Blind was the boss that was hardest for me IMO, but if I'd known that you can hit him with sword lasers at the time, I would have found this much easier (Never even thought to try, I'm usually not at full health anyhow). That's because the hardest part of this battle is finding a moment to hit him without eating a fireball to the face.  The lasers he fires are annoying too, because it's difficult to predict or react to them.  My strategy for this fight was pretty much just to brute force memorize his pattern, as it will always be pretty similar if you attack him at similar moments.  This just required save stating before the boss room and trying it many times to learn the pattern, and then going back to the beginning of the segment for realzies and doing it no damage once I had enough practice.  Out of my first dozen attempts, I only won once or twice with all seven hearts I had when I made the practice state, let alone taking no damage at all.

It would have been far more lenient to use sword lasers though.  I get in a couple easy hits at the start, and then wait for him to swoop down to the bottom so that I can hit him more easily.  During practice, I actually fast-forwarded after standing next to the door, but I showed it in full here.  After he recovers for the first time, I have to place that seemingly nonchalant hit very carefully to avoid being hit in the face with a laser or bouncing too far away (I need to hit him as quickly as possible afterwards).  Sometimes when I hit him here, he'll just randomly swoop back to the top for seemingly no reason, which I'm unlikely to recover from.  I then use the Hookshot at a specific moment for some invincibility.  I only use it once, but it helps plenty for that one moment.  Then I just go nuts, and randomly pull some ninja skills against a fireball that I wasn't expecting.  It took maybe 60 practice attempts for me to get comfortable, but once I had him, it only took two or three real attempts.

This is the sort of battle that the Cape/Cane would have made lolworthy.  It would be over before the first magic bar is even gone!