This segment is the second half of dungeon 6, and one of the harder segments.

There's not really much to say until I get downstairs.  At that point, I have to be careful about my movements.  Handily enough, I'm completely safe standing one space up from the pot holding my shield out, so I abuse that twice.  Then I just book it to the exit.

The skeleton in the next room ended more runs than he should have.  Even after running into him several times, I kept forgetting he was there!  You can tell I remembered this time because I was using my sword in an overly cautious manner.

Thankfully, the switch is in the right place already, so I don't have to touch the top half of the next room with a ten foot pole.

When you bomb the hole in the wall, there's some sort of mite that comes out after a couple seconds.  I honestly had no idea those existed until this playthrough.

The bright long room would have been much simpler if I'd known that you can just dash upwards at the beginning and be perfectly fine.  As it was, this room was a serious worry, being so close to the end.  There's a lot of different things to keep track of, and I need to maneuver that yellow transformy thing into a block.  After I get to the top, the worry is over though, since I can slip behind the lamppost to avoid the spike.

I'm not sure if throwing bombs at the boss is really any faster, but I like doing it anyhow.  You're limited on space by the eyeballs, so you generally should move into place at the last second when dodging the lightning.  This gets tricky as the battle wears on and the lightning comes faster.  Even more annoying is that the lightning can sometimes arc over and hit you just about anywhere in the room!  Spin Slashing the eyeballs is much faster than normally attacking them, as you'll likely hit twice, getting 4x damage overall.

His second phase is stupidly easier though.  Seriously, if you were a giant eyeball, what could possibly prompt you to attack somebody by jumping on them?  Arrows would have done the job faster here, but I never tried it.