We're into the final dungeon!  Both halves of this are pretty long.

Going up to the peak of Death Mountain for two dungeons in a row is somewhat tiresome.

With the Mirror Shield and the Silver Arrows, the Fire Shooting Lion Things (TM) are puppy dogs.  Entering Ganon's Tower for the first time always brings a sense of epicness.

After I grab the first key, there's no reason to go through the room on my right.  It would just waste the newly found key, and I would have to go through the room as well, whatever is in there.  Instead I backtrack and simply walk through the safety of the lobby.

The room with the tiles that get thrown at you will give you a key if you wait them out.  It's not worth my time or effort, as I can't use my sword with the fireball shooters around, and there's plenty of other dangerous obstacles here.

I played the room with the torches you have to light rather stupidly.  If you push one of the blocks off to the side, a path opens up that makes this a lot easier.  However, I didn't realize this, and I just ran the gauntlet at top speed, which is just barely fast enough and far more difficult.  Oh well, lesson learned.

After I grab the compass, I go one room further for an extra key.  I can break this room as well.  I really, really don't want to go any further because it will waste the extra key, one of the next rooms is probably the hardest room in the game to avoid taking damage in, and I need to go most of the way through the other (easy) route to get the map anyways.  Therefore, I warp to the front here.

In the room with the dual fire chains, you have to hit the floor switch twice for some reason.

The spike room (gosh dang it) is a mess for whatever reason.  If I did it right, I should have had an easy, clear path to victory.  As you can see, the first side of the dungeon had more difficult obstacles and this one has more difficult puzzles.  In a No Damage run, is it any wonder that I chose to go this way?

I mess up the easy quick strat through the room where you can't see the tiles.  I actually came up with this independently, although I wasn't the first to figure it out.

The Armos Knights on Ice sounds like a horrible figure skating event.  With the Silver arrows, these guys are lolworthy.