Let's finish off the game's final dungeon, shall we?

This one is a doozy.  I can snipe the Goriyas from across the spike pit in the...room above the staircase...    I have to actually be careful and solve the puzzle here.

I always try to get that spike in the...first room with the Red Goriyas...trapped inside the statue.  Not only is it funny, it also results in less statue maneuvers.  With the Mirror Shield, I can kill the Red Goriyas here with impunity.

This was the most consistent way I found to get past the Beamos room.  Without a tactic going in, it can get pretty nasty, thanks to the difficulty in maneuvering an enemy without having it shoot you, and also having to pay attention to the Beamos at the same time.

In the...switch...room, I'm careful about how I trigger the Cyclops guys.  I can't tell when their eyes have been fully opened (and therefore when I can hit them), so I just let the green one impale itself on my overly powerful weapon.  This gives me more room to deal with the Red Cyclops.  I can actually trap more spikes behind the blocks on my way back, with some luck.  Or I can just trap them in the wall, which wasn't my intention but I'll take it.

I show off a secret that isn't useful at the moment, and burn stuff in the next few rooms.  Sorry for the Bombos spam, but this segment was long enough already.  In the...room with the Beamos conveyors...trying to get through that gap between the spikes would be a death sentence.  You pretty much have to be pixel perfect to slip through there, so it's best to go around.  In the...ice...room, charging into the door is intentional.  There's no chance of getting hit that way.

The first round of the Lanmolas refight was a total flop, but the second worked out perfectly.  This fight may seem easy, but that fireball shooter really does throw a wrench in things, and it ended its fair share of runs.

I believe that the wizards are meant to be tackled with the Cane of Somaria, but I had a rather less creative solution in mind.

With bad luck, charging across either room full of soldiers can end the run.  However, I let the floor in the one room fall out so that the soldiers are mostly dead on arrival.

In the...Helmasaur room...it may seem silly to use Bombos just for a whole two Helmasaurs.  Those fireball shooters really worry me though, so I do it anyways.  I can finally put that extra key to good use in the other room that requires one, allowing me to skip the puzzle.

The rehash of the Tower of Hera boss isn't likely to end a run almost unavoidably, but it can.

In the spike room (dang it, I was so close!) I just need to line myself up with the opening in the bumpers and I have an easy victory.

Alright, Agahnim.  Sometimes his cronies will line up to give me a few easy hits on him, but that doesn't seem to happen often.  If they all fire at the same time, I spin slash at a point equidistant from all three to deflect them all.  I had other plans in case the cronies fire first or last, but for the life of me I don't remember anymore.  I wanted to use the bug catching net to get at least one hit, but that didn't pan out here.  In some cases it can actually be better, because if Aghanim fires a Blue Shot in your face, then you'll still block it with your shield even when you're swinging the net.  However, the net is slower and harder to aim, so it isn't really useful.